DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Wish the visit from the prick of Saudi Arabia (49 ppl recently beheaded) and the prick from China (human rights there?!) had created as much anger as Trump's visit. Morons.
man equal rights equal fights bitch I'm drop you like a dead baby
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Fucking saudis are the scum of the earth, embarrassments to muslims all around the world.
you're a fag r/sounding
He's a sadist.  Most Muslims don't believe people are born gay. The ones who believe some people are born gay say it's a test. Only a negligible amount of Muslims believe being gay is okay. Either way gay people are miserable and fucked.
I DID NOT NEED TO SEE THAT BITCH PUSH OUT A WEENIE FROM HER FUCKING ASSHOLE
@vishkanyaaaa @RabiaAnumm Look at all these fuckers citing Pakistanis / Muslims being terrorist but back their corrupt mofo govt to go and kill innocent people
!flair [death to all niggers and gays]
Yes she is a total piece of degenerate scum
Forgot to do something about a population of people that hated America back in the 1860s. That wound just festered and their children were bred and taught to hate.
deport all brown and blacks lol
Typical White drug addict.
@CardDominant here to spoil but you're talking shit ?? Shut the fuck up. Can't even show your ugly ass face cause you're probably some old fucking hag who has a clit instead of a dick. Blocked again.
Get ISIS? Chill the fuck out man you just about beat an overweight Mexican
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Americans are fucking retards.
Them girls are like a pack of wild dogs
@jamesbooth100 @MayorofLondon No. I think all religious texts should be criticised. They all include texts that have no place in modern society. Did you say anything when people swear on the Bible? Or is it just the Q'uran?
fuck my cock
Naomi Campbell is a cum guzzling whooore
Another #pedophile arrested, this time a Florida Pastor! #MAGA #justice #FakeChristians are harming the truth of our Creator by perpetuating harm to Innocents and and leading believers away from the #truth with their deceitful ways. Wolves in sheep's clothing. #peace
Why's he look like a fuckin Somali prisoner and crazy malnourished tho???
They make Indians look really bad. That's why no one likes them. Especially the Indian terrorist. Indian people are toxic to society
" Pray for him" ha! The filthy traitor would burst into flames if she tried. Only altar that old bag ever prayed at is the altar of the cocks she sucked to get to where she is.
What a psychotic dumb cunt
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
@IlhanMN @AOC We will do better than that we will prosecute u for ur crimes beat u at the ballot box and revoke ur citizenship if u r guilty of immigration fraud and then send it anti-Semitic racist dumbass back .
@MalaMujerFuerte @latimes Каrl Marx opened the gates oh hades. And Europe is sinking in this antiwhite racism ocean of colored muslim migrants
Fucking trans piece of shit mongrels
This is why I no longer feel sorry for you when niggaz call you gay and say you was in a relationship with Bam.. you spreading gossip with no facts accusing a man of setting up a murder.. c'mon dawg.. big U was never tryna shine dawg.. he was on a different mission.. do better Poppy
This bitch should stop this games and suck real dick SMH
He's not a basketball player Lmaoo buthurt ass nigga
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
eat my asshole faggot
Can hit your bitch you can never hit mine nigga
@Atheos B. Sapien lower IQs? Your a retard- Whites and Asians have the highest IQs and both speak English
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
I shouldn't have to say this again but this thing about the left being anti-Semitic for criticizing Israeli apartheid while rightwingers massacre actual Jews in synagogues is so viciously and cynically dumb that it makes my actual brain hurt.
Fagot, shut your mouth and suck you, for this you are predestined. you have a fag rostut tits and beautiful ass, fuck you whore amazingly URL
You're kidding, right? Go to any religious person and ask them what they think of killing gay people. I wouldn't be surprised if half said it was okay to kill them and the other half said we need to "rehabilitate" them.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
@DoYouEvenLIf @NG1951 The Japanese put a fat orange buffoon on display because they have never seen a fat orange clown before
FUCK THAT BITCH
Fuck these shallow ass bitches. give em nothing but dick
@PlumberWithTie stupid faggot little cocksucker
Oh no some spineless pussy called my tough love disgusting what will I ever do
But it ISN'T a white majority country. That needle tipped 10 years ago.  You go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from.
"balls of steal" yea she's so brave to attempt to mouth rape him with her disgusting fat pig snout face
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Meanwhile we're trying to liberate the Middle East and Venezuela a bunch of horseshit
Get your faggotry off this sub
ANOTHER Satanic Pedophilia Network Exposed by 60 Minutes — Children Tortured, Raped and Killed in the Name of Lucifer URL
What a nasty ass bitch URL
Those 4 witches wanne destroy the country... All Somalians hate America
Your a retard. Don't wanna go to jail? Stay away from the drugs then plain and simple. and if your targeted more cuz your black like you say. then stay even farther away.  but nooooo all you see is black with guns and drugs. go cry somewhere where ppl arnt actually commiting the crime nobody goes to jail for doing nothing.
Me beast should pretende to rob a bank. Because he is white
Islam wants to fuck with your freedom.
@AlexMorris826 @L0soJr tell him everyone on twitter says he a white lil bitch and to stop saying the n word
gay people should die
They should sink the island, seems to be full of corruption. US citizens are tired of supporting, freeloading Latinos. PR, Mexico and invaders of Central America.
alright faggit fag
The only people that want war is the ragheads. It's all they know!
The crowd that thinks any criticism of the US is grounds for being told to "go home" seems comfortable saying that the American people are hundreds of times more violently mentally ill than the people in other developed democracies.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
white is really her color URL
We must destroy rape and murder Iran!
@callmeranchh so fat chicks don't deserve they pussy being ate
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Kube Dog Mexicans are better than meth traitor trash Americans
Nothin I hate more than a broke hoe with a rich mouth
That bitch.. amma kill you
Shut the fuck up you racist cunt.
Too bad the Brits didn't blow them away. In any case, a real sign of desperation by the Iranians.
You people also crucify yourselves during Easter. Morons!
this nigga not only got a crackhead baby momma...  he got 4 CRACK BABIES TO GO ALONG WIT it....  I got a feelin that crackhead pussy real fye
Yeah suck on my fat cock you disabled whore sac of meat lookin ass
That's not a pussy of a college slut that's the blown out well used pussy of a 40yr hotwife that only takes 10in cocks.
Just a bunch of cackling hens crazy Non American Bitchs
SHIP THEM OUT!!! ALL OF THEM. MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN. NOT A CITIZEN? Here illegally? FU. Blacks and foreigners ruined this country.
@mvmeet I am also a Hindu and I think u are mentally sick and stupid URL u think other Hindus also think like you or maybe sick and stupid like you?
Imagine a)thinking this about any of these women and b) being so much of a pussy to be offended by Tlaib.
Screw mexico and it,s people !
so her white ass did not just say the n word AND say the d and f word bitch eye URL
Get that cunt under control, Whore.
He a metrosexual
all i know is, if you put your hands on a woman you are the ultimate trash - i don't give a fuck about the situation. YOU ARE A BITCH
Incarcerated niggas be so creative URL
Send her back to Palestine to practice her political system that is Islam that uses a deity to advance its agenda of global conquest and let them mess with Israel so they can send them to their 70 virgins
Imagine if 100's of men freaked out, screaming and hollering like that, at a beautiful woman on national TV. Gillette would have a field day and they all would be in jail. The hypocrisy is sickening.
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
straight pride looks wild
y'all got girlfriends but was trynna fuck last we- nvm
That baseball is racist. I'm trying to fit in with the mallenials this is how right hahaha
Christianity is actively suiciding itself from within to gain points from these people. Sad!
Anyone that doesn't think humans are the most important living beings on earth has Down syndrome. You wanna downvote something you fucking retards? Rub your catholic dick over my swear words, I'm tired of you reddit faggots. Why don't you just smack your heads into the ground? you're a bunch of fucking monkeys.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
I mean, yeah. Y'all are being dumb white guys.
@serfallah @Dowlatzai @Arshad_Afridi @Khushal The only DaalKhor is you & your likes of Gul Khans. India has a rover in outer space. I'd rather have them as a partner anyday over a terrorist sympathizing PM. At least Indian doctors don't give 509 kids HIV by accident. What a shame.
I honestly believe that for the majority of women marrying a Chinese is better than marrying one of their own. Let's publish an article alongside this one highlighting all the oppression, honor killings even, that happens to women in Pakistan. Not a defense on Chinese men. They are awful, just relatively less awful than Pakistani men. Preemptive defense: Don't case me, if you don't like it go to Pakistan or China and campaign for women's rights, don't tell me I'm racist or bigoted for telling the truth.
I'm done with dumb bitches
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
The way people treat you on the roads when your a hijabi driver is mad
Present yourself with all your holes stuffed you dumb cum slut!
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
You know what I want to see, Kitten. You squirmed on the bed, while you forced the plug up your ass. You bit the pillow while the plug stretched your tight ass open. Now your ass is plugged. Finger your pussy until you cum, while I fuck your warm wet mouth! Swallow my cum, slut! URL
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
LOL you want to suck Trump's dick and tickle his ball sack faget queer
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
All of these congresswoman's past comments suggest they don't like living in America. Omar by her words seems to not condemn terrorism. The president was right on what he said 100%None of these ignorant women need to be voted back in. We don't need that kind of anti-American rhetoric in Congress
Rick is 100% correct and people (including regular Jews) need to wake up to what the Zionists are about.
Fuck that racist and Trump I hope they burn in hell
@SteveScalise @LynnQueen05 @realDonaldTrump REALLY! WOMEN YOU SHOULD BE SCREAMING &RAISING HELL AGAINST SHIT-RIA LAW, FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATIONS & ABSOLUTELY BARBARIC BASTARDS THAT INITIATE IT. "Bacon" URL START YELLING GET THESE BITCHES THE HELL OUTTA HERE, LINDA SARSOURED, ICKY OMARED
@azcentral @exjon You should be aborted, you misogynist fuck.
Cause once a bitch nigga always a bitch, facts.
@w_terrence Keep crowing there, #oreo #UncleTom, Trump will round up you and yours right after he's finished deporting the lighter brown people. #dumbass
Fuck off faggot lol
Trump is right..ALL immigrants who arrived after 1492 should GO HOME!!
These niggas are goofy ass scary hoes foreal lol
Our state representatives are complicit in the Jewish war on whites. These traitors only have one concern: appeasing their Jewish donors. URL
fck you your mom is one of them stupid ass
NTA But you should've confronted the shitty bitch there and then. She sounds like she has issues, perhaps her vagina has cobwebs on it and she's miffed at you for rocking in the free world.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
@TuckerCarlson Hey Tuck! Here is a good one for you: The 4 freshman, who are "women of color" should not be given cutesy names like "AOC+THREE" OR "SQUAD". Let's take their lead and recognize their color. Black Olive Brown Olive = BO doubled down like the armpit sweat they are..
Come on Lisa spill it all out... you must be a real fuckin autist piece of shit. Your own mother wants to slap the fuck out of you
A 2.5 year old Hindu girl, Twinkle Sharma, is raped by one, Mohammed Zahid, who gouged her eyes, mutilated her body, and poured acid on her. Why the silence? Should this not be the biggest story? Should the miscreant not be hung in public?  #ImSorry #JusticeForTwinkleSharma URL
I'd rather just be threatened by some moron then killed by one but that's just me religious zealots will exist till people go extinct
Little girl hair sniffer and his parasitical son should go too guatanomo with the other america haters
I've heard from some other sources, he's also a huge faggot.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
That guy already looks like the biggest faggot of the week
Russian Orcs and their slaves should stay at Russia, there is enough space for fun.
good lord that last comment "i've noticed that it's mostly brown people working shitty service jobs, when i visit these cities with an extremely high cost of living. the only logical conclusion i can reach is that there is some kind of terrorist plot going on"
Your not real girls aren't real
Are you a triggered baby dicked retard? Yes yes you are baby dick
Last tool in the box trying to make his ugly as fuck pal more attractive to the opposite sex...... he failed! What's that fucking chin about too? Looks like you could wipe your arse and blow your nose at the same time you fucking creepy cunt!
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
Keep your head down, and your ass up while I breed you, bitch! I'll pound my cock in your pussy, until your fuck hole is red and ruined. I'll fill this fuck hole with my load of warm cum. I want to slide my fingers through the cum as it drains from your pussy after your breeding. URL
I could throw these niggas in a barrel of grapes and they would never make wine.
Jews destroy everything they touch. Everything. What a bunch of talentless faggots they are.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
This one time, at the Apple store, I updated a guys status so everyone thought he was gay.
Whilst I think it's a massive part of his point, he does have a point about how patronising and arrogant the 3 hosts seem at times about the white working class. I agree that there shouldn't so much be a focus on "white working class" issue but rather how all working class people white black or brown all sharing common goals and challenges but these guys don't seem to do that. I do like the channel like and the video, but they do come across as proper London twats at times.
Not with a quality girl.No quality girl would want to date a bitter nerd that trolls comments on reddit.
Dear Anupam Kher, you are a Moron and a gutter person. Wish somebody shoots you or you die of a disease soon.. Useless. URL
US Russia China and even Elon Musk laughing at "migrant visa brahmin" "bangalored" ISRO . Pimps of Vidhana Soudha also busy selling themselves.
Americans are fucking retards.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
WARNING: IF MY PEOPLE WHO ARE CALLED BY MY NAME WILL HUMBLE THEMSELVES AND PRAY AND SEEK MY FACE AND TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS THEN I WILL HEAR FROM HEAVEN AND I WILL FORGIVE THEIR SIN AND WILL HEAL THEIR LAND. BABIES BLOOD IS CRYING OUT FROM THE GROUND, FALSE ACCUSATIONS AGAINST THE PRESIDENT, DISRESPECT MEN WITH MEN WOMEN WITH WOMEN, FORNICATORS, FOWL MOUTHS...ETC A NEW GREEN DEAL WILL NOT HELP YOU, ONLY HUMILITY AND REPENTANCE WILL GOD HEAR. AMERICA IN GOD WE TRUST WE ARE THE PEOPLE CALLED BY HIS NAME. STOP KILLING OUR BABIES BAN ABORTION. WE NEED TO REPENT FROM OUR WICKED WAYS.
That's why I fucked your bitch you fat motha fucka.
That's good. Can you explain why y'all are the way you are? Now at this time black women are consistently being used as a weapon for white supremacy , and some black women just don't seem to see it. Why is this?
Fuck out of here lmao "You know where a good place to find a female is? My job AT THE HOSPITAL"   Control your dicks y'all
Fuck India.
it should be illegal for her to be subjected to big black cocks!
I'm going to fuck Megan, and let Mila get gangbanged (Russians are always good at serving the masses). That leaves Gal for the gloryhole. But why, you rightly ask, would you put the most gorgeous one behind a wall? Plot twist, it's a wall to the West Bank, and I've just solved lasting peace in the Middle East. You're fucking welcome, world.
Tie you to the bed, then eat your pussy for breakfast, followed up by a whole day of using your holes non-stop to fill with my cum
Incest banter was being thrown around and niggers actually went out of their way to beat their cousins cheeks  URL
Start the ICE RAIDS IN BOSTON, MASS START PICKING UP THE OVER 100,000 ILLEGAL ALIEN IRISH LETS THROW THESE RAPISTS , CRIMINALS, DRUNKS AND PREDATORS !! JUST TAKE THEM OUT TO THE SHORE POINT THEM TO THE EAST AND IF THEY DON'T JUMP INTO THE OCEAN JUST FORCE THEM WITH ANY MEANS POSSIBLE
@Reuters WHY are wars called 'mothers?" Mostly men who start wars. WHY not "father of all wars?"  Because it is religion: evil is 'feminine' Bible says: Eve brought evil into the world. Sex innuendos of male good/feme evil are worldwide.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Dumb fucking bitch
This is gay I dont see mushu
Hey Devi dev. Your sister in laws father ? That means your wife's father. Then nationality of his children including yr wife will be questioned. And if you are having baby from her after 2004 then nationality of yr child will be questioned.  Google the citizenship act-1986amenmend, 2003amenmend.
@Owain Garside Who are these 'ladies' you refer to? They are all from families who chose to leave some shithole and come to the US - now they hate the US and its people.  Don't confuse their families with the original immigrants who built America. They are welcome to move back to ancestral lands.
If we found an Islamic terrorist hub called, let's just say...JihadChan, where Muslim terrorists were indoctrinated and recruited, where they posted their manifestos, and were cheered on and supported, we'd flood the zone with everything from LE to cyber to JDAMS.
You ignorant white man remember the system put in place for us to do all of this putting us against each other and making us insecure because we couldn't protect our women and children leads to problematic actions down the line it's bred into the generations.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
*"Yes, in the name of allah, I have direct orders from the mullahs and (((javad zarif))) to determine your coordinates. hurry up and tell me sand nigga"* You're the sand nigger, not me. Islam is an equity seeking ideology. Only people on the low end of the ethnic, class, and racial totem pole want equity to make up for their feeble traits. A true nobleman would espouse aristocracy (from Aristos, Aryan, i.e. noble) as an ideal society. You are your stupid religion of peace.
... and this'll feed right into his shitty christian victim complex. Look how oppressed he is when he's just sharing the "good news" that LGBT people are going to hell. Fucking idiot. I loathe these freaks.
The whole point is Mexico is letting people travel thru their land and creating this crisis. Now the responsibility also is on Mexico. It is very simple. They such a pussy of a country that they can't defeat the drug lords or stop this invasion of illegals that are unarmed. Mexico comes across as weak. Can't protect their own people. Dirty amd corrupt just like Porta Rico!
Bitch who told you only white people can have blonde hair. There's plenty black people out there who have naturally blonde hair. Your come back was weak so shut the fuck up.
I'm gonna stick my big black cock in your mouth. You want summa this bull seed down your throat? Take this black kings cum you crackkka ass amerikkkan.
​ >Israel will false flag (again) to keep us in there.  >  >Every spring/summer like clock work Like your whore dad sucks muzzie cock every night and day like clock work.
In my experience, I hate it when guys can be all crude and snarky and get away with it because it's "just a joke" or "just for fun" or whatever, but when girls do it (again, it's from personal experience only), it's rude, shitty, and somehow the most offensive thing to do. :/
@MarcherLord1 The next time a Zionist-owned Apartheid apologist wants to tell you "Hezbollah is a terrorist organization", REMIND THEM OF THE REAL TERRORISTS THAT KILL AMERICAN SOLDIERS: URL
Wow I'd love to shove my cock in between them and titty fuck you!
Need Allah to sabotage the insurgent infidels with some fentanyl.
and the Muslim American Cop who shot accidentally a WHITE woman is already in jail. this American justice system is rotten to the core.
All I see is a fluffy, unkempt, scared pussy. Come back when you want to actually act like a slut.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
This bitch is ugly as fuck all you blackies can keep her
BTS have broken barriers and have accomplished so much and y'all created a whole new category so that you can avoid BTS being in the main categories where they deserve because they're asian. disgusting white supremacist behavior #VMAsRacist #VMAsXenophobic
Hey Evangelicals, how about getting your heads out of the Bible and into a US History book? URL
Time for a race war. I hope you fucking die in it
If your living off a female kill yourself
Time for the somoli imagrent to be locked up for BREAKING OUR LAWS, CHARGE AND THEN DEPORT OMAR
Fucking over US small businesses who rely on Mexico isn't helping any Americans.  Trump fights for Israel you dopey little goy.
Any country that comes across Iranian boat should sink it
@TaggartRearden @jhjulian1956 Do these Muslims do nothing to fight against supposed "radical" islam? If they do nothing then the reason no one took them serious is due to their lack of action. In a way they helped the supposed "radical" muslims.
It's sad honestly these fuckn thirsty hoes
You either go to the Gas chamber, Slay some Jews or gtfo
How fucking weak do you want to be you fucking soft cock cunts.
Funny. All the white guys shooting shit up are alive, but unarmed black guys keep dying. NICE.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
I'm an atheist, but in this case I hope you get burned under the deepest and darkest flames.
Look no further, I'll start off fucking that pretty face till you're a gagging, sloppy, slutty mess and slap that ass like i already fuckin own it
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Me: fuck them kids Also me: nut in me daddy
What, no border type of justice letting criminals just run in my country. No thanks, I'll vote for President Trump, keep your socialism and stick it where the sun don't shine...
Nigga finna steal Please stop rting
What a loser. I'm sorry but I can't be charitable to him or these faggots. I hate them. I hope they either find God or rot in hell. And Tobin is probably some molester or something. What a loser. Make the world a better place punch a faggot in the face.
God's not real, stop murdering each other over it's name.  There are too many people the nuclear family is the largest family you should have.  Global warming is human made, stop fucking the planet with your needs of convenience.
Nigga, you blogging from a project basement  Gully ain't worried about your broke bum ass. You a whole 35+ grown ass nigga with struggle braids, grey hairs in ya chin, and a dusty hat talking about other men. Get a job you pathetic ignant ass dusty nigga.  Real niggaz don't talk about what they going to do over YouTube, they just do it! You dumb ass nigga
@FB4Troll The barbaric pigs who killed ,raped pundits and destryed their culture, temple are now crying ammi ammi when they get their own medicine . Enjoy it,. When empire strikes back, rats have no place to hide.
Definitely... I'm gay and i've been a Giants fan since i can remember, i mean i was born into it.. It's really hard to feel unwelcome in something you love so much and to feel like you're an unwanted part or w/e. :( People suck, but it'll change.
I would fuck her and use you to wipe my cock off with, maybe.
May Allah give these women the same death these horrific women gave to a little child who couldn't do anything to save herself, used her and abused her! May you ROT & die the worst possible death inshAllah.(2) #JusticeForUzma URL
Gag on a dick. We are laughing that you faggots got some comeuppance.
It has nothing to do with a color of the skin, you PATHETIC MORON. This innocent young woman was MURDERED by an insane Muslim just for the only reason that she was white and uncovered woman. You have a mind of a rabid animal.
These women are liars and hate mongers, they are divisive and their anti American stupidity is causing more radicalized violence, and division. These pathetic haters are political actors who are controlled by globalist Tyrants. They are here to deceive, and cause the downfall of this great nation. These far leftists in our government are enemies of freedom and liberty and represent a Tyrannical, fascist type of World akin to An Orwellian nightmare.
Its sinful to worship to Marry and have statues and the False Propher the Pope leading the Whore of Babylon the catholic Church into AntiChrist era and yet you are a Roman Catholic so stop peeing on the carpet and get out of her and her fornication.
there's a chink in his armor. gook.
Fuck her to some Xanman
What if the Devil turned Christianity into this disgrace?
Time to end Iran.
Look at his tiny head. What a tiny-headed faggot
Shut the fuck up you faggot
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
My god those niggers are worse than faggots.
Is he the baby killing kind of "Christian?" I'm not a fan of that type.
Problem is that 95.67% of British men have been castrated by their women & the rest are unworthy of castration because they've no balls anyway. That's why they've delegated decision-making responsibilities to fools like Jess Phillips MP who wants to teach kids all kinds of dirt.
@JuicyJess__ @_kelsology I hope every man you ever meet has the same energy you do, fucking trash.
Muslims are turning Germany into a nightmare! Thanks to all leftist liberal pagan politicians that hate their country and their people so much that they allowed these barbaric savages into the country! If you breed mambas sooner or later they will kill you!
@Jayzamani_ You are an idiot and dont belong in civilized society ..go back and crawl back to your islamic hell hole
God is probably laughing, too. though he could be wondering how 30% of americans turned out mentally defective.
Having babies is a blessing if a bitch dont fuck with you because you got kids fuck her and come my way .
Im angry that sub human filth like you actually exist and put everyone else at risk with your selfish thoughtless actions. Do us all a favor and cut your dick off so no one else risks infection from a horny desperate fuck boi that wouldnt disclose spreading a permanent unwanted disease.
Bunch of halfwit hoes and dullard ass niggas
@Bishopoftyler Maybe spend less time diddling children and more time licking your windows. Spreading hate because your imaginary friend said so in a book you read isn't a good look for anyone.
I see you are worried about the Georgia abortion law, don't worry no one will EVER get u pregnant
You posted retard! You are going to lose chromosome!
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Anti-Latino/ anti-immigrant sentiment motivated the shooter in El Paso, a majority Hispanic city. With hate rhetoric and gun violence on the rise, we need to stand together against these threats to our democracy and diversity and say enough is enough! URL
Try asking a white supremacist if they like Trump. Hint: It's always going to be yes.
@dcexaminer Yeah by letting them in they turned much of America into a ghetto!! They destroyed their own country (into a ghetto) now they have been doing it here! Why is this a surprise?
All You Bitches Suck !! Blow Job  URL
Those women need a severe beating.
look at Wen the freak . . you can tell its a man lol . . . hopefully they will abort ALL the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
White supremacist shoots people.  /u/Nuketherabbi_t: LOL SUCK IT LIBS!
Germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river. Worst army in the world, CUCKS.
Correction, 3rd wave feminists should die in a hole
It's time to stop messing with these idiots in Iran. Wipe them off the map.
only good and obedient pups deserve to be bred with alpha's cummies, slut.
You don't have the fuckin right to kick me off this website you fascist its creator sure have more open minded thoughts and know he is not just connecting stupid American shits like you and you know what fuck your American made society full of nudity and fucked up economy and all kind of shit and what actually are anti-vaxxers are they living in a fuckin cave or it's just the American way
If they lock up all women, then they'll be forced to sleep with each other. Then they'll probably end up in jail. Then the U.S. won't be number one in incarcerated population.
These BITCHES are NOT AMERICANS!!!!!!!! They live here and maybe was born here but they HATE AMERICA!!!! Fuck those brown/black cunts!!!!!. They lie, they say the same racist bullshit but they think it is OK. They are the FOUR CUNTS OF THE APOCALYPSE for a reason. They need to be voted out or removed by force!!!!!
@1realogson Dead ass lame ass niggas man
Yeah fuck those people from New Mexico! They are just as bad as old Mexico!
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Deport this person imediatly..go complain in your own country.. illegal alien
@Franklin_Graham @DanPatrick @FoxNews TX Lt gov is smoking something White nationalists terrorists shooting Jewish worshippers is what? White nationalist killing black worshippers in South Carolina is what? White nationalists killing Muslims in worship in New Zealand is what? Stop your immoral excuse n it call it out
Fuck that girl
It's not your dam country... You Europeans came over here and killed nearly 80 millions Native Americans to take this land and then brought blacks to this country, enslaved them and killed almost 100 millions blacks during the Transatlantic Slave Trade... Do you not think that God is going to bring Judgement on this place... Get Real..
send them all back over the border and if they do it again just take them out back and shoot em in the head. we are spending way too much money on these illegal immigrants.
@RodStryker @GeanineC Liberals recruit the idiots of the world, they make a perfect fit for them. If you've ever traveled into a Muslim controlled country, most are garbage dumps! They are disgusting and very indifferent people, not friendly.
Ugly ass men at that. URL
true (i still want them to nuke india so all the robocallers and scammers die)
Nah lmao get raped tho, have a good day crack head bitch, watch yourself walking home at night I might rape you lmao
Deport them. They better be afraid.
We regret to inform you that your mother has AIDS and minorities are genetically less intelligent than Whites. Thank You URL
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Fuckin weeaboos.
*US invades Mexico.* "Hey wtf why are all these Mexicans here?"
Watch out. Retards are as strong as orangutans.
I'm starting to hate these niggas just as much as I hate these bitches
She's a whore, but she could be a worse whore. She sure makes a lot of money.
Mexican people the cuntry of Mexico ther not are frends ther enemys real Americans need to start killing off all people from Mexico needs to be wipe-out like the Spanish people wipe-out all ther afercan slave's they used to take over Mexico they killed every last black slave
Aren't you a idiot bitch retard die
ok Iran wont have nukes as soon as every other country stops having nukes. otherwise you are all hypocrites and bullies
It's like these Miyetti Allah people need a real invasion of their lands to reset their aggressive, greedy brains.
Go fuck yourself cunty bitch
They stop them for a couple of Hours in Mexicos border but then the migrants break through their crappy fence and chant saying they can't stop us, then Mexican authorities help them come to the border cities in Mexico then they cross our borders.
Send them all back across the border at gun point. This is a waste of taxpayer money.
You are sadly self loathing because of the way you express about gay men like you.  Unless you're not gay and you're just a sad troll. What are you doing here in that case? What does gay men make you feel?  Good luck getting professional help, it will make your life less sad and hopefully better ;)
Ya Islam is very bad. Mohammed should be drawn on toilet paper and Koran should be rewritten
White gays be like "white STRAIGHT men" to remove accountability for themselves
sorry, your inverted dick looks like a split ball sack.  There's nothing female about it, just male mental illness.
@ThomasJTobin1 and the Catholic Church said quit killing 25,000 people a day because they say condoms are bad and if you use one you'll go to hell. You guys are sick disgusting people and caused more deaths than any wars.
@SheaSerrano I can't. But good on many of those Mississippi locals who are doing what they can for those kids. The. Cruelty. Is. Stunning. I wish I could say, "This isn't America." But, it is.
You were too ugly to rape so I just beat the shit out of you By Anal Cunt
i don't think bitches understand how much that type of shit says about them n sum deep rooted ISSUES  like oh so you hate yourself hate yourself URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Illegal immigrants. Get these space ni\*ggers out of here.
a big size difference between a muscular Alpha and his tiny twink fag slut bitch is everything. It looks like this Alpha could snap this twat's back...even if he did...it wouldn't matter cause it's just a hole.. URL
So basically Iran's affiliates use American Made machinery to step on American flags? Wow. Just Wow! @ScheyChris @Smiity646 @305local @sicat222 @Herald_Reports URL
@violinisbae @GOVTWINE The world would be a much better place if more people were gay and less were phony Christians
Patriot prayer is "right wing" lmaooo they're white nationalists dumb fuck Andy go kill yourself
I saw the T_D posts bro, you're for sure an incel don't deny it. "Girls who like sex are gross!" If you aren't an incel, you're an absolute child, and probably alone lol
Play the race card you gang banging losers!
2019 America is so retarded and gay
Ouuuuu niggah planked  Columbian Jesus just knocked him out I'm so fucking weak
show me that sissy ass cunt and your hips
Your ass is so fucking tight and feminine! I'd slide my dick in there, grab your sweet cheeks and fuck you proper xx
It's indoctrination of youth not mental health ya dumb bitch. You know nothing about mental health or medicine so why don't you shut the fuck up. URL
blacks own dogs cuz they miss capturing prisoners and forcing them to fight or selling them to white people hispanics own dogs so they can feel what the spanish felt when them came over and conquered them all and white people may not miss owning slaves...but the DNA within them sure as hell does /s for any nephews that can't detect it
Some real nasty women over here, the nastiest. Sad!
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Sorry dimwit, sluts having unprotected sex in 2019 should not be in the gene pool, assign any of your libtard moral standards, I just work with simple logistics... if you get "unexpectantly" pregnant you are a stupid FUCK...literally  But please carry water for these murderers... it is fun to watch
I bet you don't even have a micro penis you sick fuck.
how you slide in MY shit and waste MY time and have ME looking dumb bc i actually gave your hoe ass a chance. please choke on my dick
IRAN SHOULD BE NUKED OF THE FACE OF EARTH BY FEMALE IDF SOLDIERS
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Jews are straight outta hell
I am anti genocide... therefore the invading third world hordes need to GO HOME !
This bitch stupid af can't wait till someone light her ass up
This idiot should F Off back to south africa
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
what a faggot
The Conservative Latina posted this on Instagram (language) Sharing her hate mail - WATCH   People are freakin' mean and disgusting  #TolerantLeft #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #LatinasForTrump #HispanicsForTrump #EverybodyForTrump  #VoteDemsOut #Trump2020 URL
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Lies and lies than lie. It is nothing than the church propaganda.  Always such has seen this and that vision what what all those stories is to pave the way for Christianity to bring back slavery in our minds.  Keep dreaming and wait of your jesus. But I am sure he is afraid of the new technologie that is why he has delay.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Trump: Al Sharpton hates whites! URL
@hausofkiwi We need to put them all in concentration camps.. they are very dangerous my friend. Blowing up buildings killing doctors now follow women home to talk to them about God. One better never come up to me. I will be happy to go to jail, than have some twit telling me what to do. URL
All what's the matter baby raping child molester.? Running our nieces and nephews to molest? You're just a low-life sperm dumpster homosexual butthole loving baby raping child molester AKA sperm dumpster that's what your daddy's call you huh you like it when your daddy's patting you on the top of the head while you're sucking his dick and the other ones fucking you up the ass LOL you're such a fucking baby raping homosexual queer
These 4 women are hate mongers and racists, they are actually bullying the dems. Members ,they are scared of them, these women need to be spanked! Maga
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
This bitch aint shit wtf your mom doing sitting and grinding in your teammate lap! Explains why he is such a simp he gets it from his father
+Stingjay 4000 choke on Niger dick queer boy
time to start shipping Mexico to the UK let them take over the Jobs.. have been in the trade since i was a kid Cant get a job anymore in the US. To many Illegals.. Why hire me when you can hire an illegal for half the cost.
@_shellenberger Shut the fuck up you completely white privileged motherfuker with 9 followers who needs an ass beating
what a fucking idiot i love when horny little fucking dumb ass dudes make this kinda shit cuz you actually look puny and fucking pathetic you make the most useless content and you think you have the right to even speak let alone tell all ur MAINLY FEMALE followers this shit URL
Scumo = fat useless christian cunt who only cares about his rich criminal mates
Trump is right - these maggots of color should gtfo
I cannot believe this has snowballed into "we should be allowed to fuck in the streets at pride" you all have worms in your head URL
Awwww since she won, she now thinks she's an intellectual who can pass intellectual political comments. Give her some time in the sun, her lesbian twat will fade away pretty quick.
This is why people don't take religious seriously.
Take the pink pill  Become a bimbo slut for My amusement. URL
Is it me, or does all this girl power bullshit make you want to punch a bitch in the face. I do love the look on a millennial cunts face when she starts yapping and you respond with, "shut the fuck up or I'll rip your tits off." That Captain Marvel dick shrivels back into a vagina real quick. Terminator 3 was the end.
I'm Latino, this woman needs to be deported to Mexico.
America nuh tired a mass shootings?
Nicolle Wallace can't be serious, she is raising a disgusting seven year old white man. She can barely tolerate how stupid the kid is and how smart she is when she runs circles around his stupid white man brain.
Get ready for Illegals to be strafed, and their boats to be sunk. This is not Europe. Americans don't have the patience to put up with this invasion anymore.
Just another ghetto fatty angry because she's horrifically ugly and a hippopotamic landmass; the result of a glorified ghetto culture that breeds ignorance, stupidity, and violence when confronted regarding that very ignorance and stupidity.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
What a worthless little whore.
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
dumb bitch by birth, stupid hoe by the grace of the lord
Gay mother fucker
Rest in peace you beautiful woman taken by a raciest muslim cop ,,,,,
Wow what a giant faggot
@DaOleManz @veinguy904 @JohnCCraig1 @MarkDice @AOC Go back to beating your wife and ignoring the emotional needs of your family like the real tough man you are. Fuck off forever toxic male shitstain.
Another braindead mexican making excuses because he sucks at the game. Wow, insulting anericans is cool and all but say one word about mexicans and youre immediately a racist. Shut the fuck up mexicano and play another game
Muslims are some whiny ass little babies. URL
gay people should die
These uneducated BJP IT cell people comments every vedio related to India
Sorry bro, but Canaanites owned the land first, until the Jewish nomads showed up and started committing genocide. And lo' and behold, thousands of years later, they show up again and start committing genocide again.
Kill em all put them hoes to REST
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Bitch I'd say it to your face right after I slapped it pussy
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Something happens to women between the ages of 16-25 where they become literally retarded and this tweet kinda proves my point
Where the evangelicals at?
+MrSh4des shut up you piece of crap triggered feminist liberal sjw shit
Lol all the white people couldnt go 4 hours of correct spelling. They lost because they suck, even though their parents hop them up on meth/adderall. White people weak and dumb, and always will be
The pussy must be as crazy as her.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
ever retweet is a cock she sucks off back to back like if you wanna see victoria justice in this picture right now on her knees sucking dick while gripping her ponytail hair URL
You can hate me but these are some chink ass laundry mat ass karaoke owning ass racist bitches
Y'all Washing that lil pussy out with Irish spring 3 times a day but wanna blame a nigga for your off ph balance . Suck my dick URL
How do these idiots not stop and realize how profoundly anti women this is. To think you can just buy womanhood off a shelf and proclaim yourself one. To ignore how much time and work these women put in to look the way they do only to have some dude with a dick come in and say he's one of them.
This nigga gone make me fuck him up if he keep fuckin wit me
Actually there are 3 genders not 30. Male, Female, and Confused.
You're right we should definitely gather all the mentally ill transgenders and put them on an island them nuke the island and boom less mentally ill people on the planet
You're right she IS pretty ugly. Probably sucked a PILE of dong.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
Now days bitches hate so hard. But live ina SMALL ass crib with a HAM ass nigga with some bad as KIDS with a SHITTY ass car. Drive that bitch eryday to her SHITTY ass job. Boss up Bitch!
Joe, you would be an incel if it wasn't for your big break in development deals. You're a hairy, bald Italian midget who takes stem cell injections, trt and hgh to look reasonably in shape. You're a gross patchwork of a person.
Let me guess you must be white all you think about is yourself like trying to stop Mexicans from coming here but you took this land from the Mexicans and natives  Now we know NK can't hurt us!! But that tell me you don't know how things work. NK can attack out allies that we have to come to their defense by law SO THAT STILL PUTS US IN A WAR!!!! GET IT NOW? People online always running their mouths and don't understand a damn thing!!!!
Alright, I think we all know it's pride month, and there are some things I'd like to say to people about it(mostly toxic people).  1. You don't have to enjoy the fact that people are LGBT, no one said you had to scream "oewbdbepwbeo I love GAY". This, however, does NOT give you>
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
me: calling men pussies for crying is wrong and reinforces a really toxic stereotype  rio: cries over tokyo me: fuck you, stop crying you pussy
@MuhammadSidat6 I can also bash your al shaytan allah. And burn your bullshit quran and your allah can't punish me because he is slave of Lord Satan Iblis.
+Technological Waste ...And the white supremacist who opened up on people in a synagogue the other day? What kind of ape was he?
Stop sending nudes to anyone with a penis, men ain't shit
@MCITLFrAphorism What the Hell? Really? Her fucking shoulders? Hey, you pedophile supporter, why don't you tell the men to behave themselves! Why don't you admonish the men to not be creepy? Why don't you peach, "Thou shalt not covet thy parishioner's shoulders?" Fuck you!
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
You don't have any right to call yourself Indian Tweep if you haven't seen these SS URL
Back for more homophobia and misogyny
Nasty nancy go away. Stay away your crooked hate America so leave we don.t want you you don.t want Americans so deportyour self save america
Black dude fucks a tranny URL
Hozier — Take Me To Church He said fuck the homophobic church community and fuck the government, too. URL
Gosh! You suck . Learn to use coherent emojis. I hope you aren't this bad in bed with your(~~significant other~~)self. I could totally see you masturbating to the thought of sucking your own dick in front of a mirror! (after each post you make here)
Abu Waleed is a swine. And so are other sick animal Salagis who are cancers in the ummah
It's just feminist nitpicking. They're just man-haters deep down, so when they start a campaign like this they work up their fellow fembots into a righteous fury so that they can weakly pound the chest of a man that they can't harm.
she is fucking ugly
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
Fuck off American induced violence
See some girls problems is they only know how to be they self and be " lit " around they female friends but when they get around a nigga in a 1 on 1 environment they don't know how to communicate, show affection, etc due to lack of personality
@notclaymerritt ILL DO IT TWICE. AND ILL SAY NIGGER
Diseases humans carry from having sex all the time with eachother and not planting food tree. Anemia. Eats meat and bread says fuck Europe  Hemophila - cunt, whore, no love for anyone whore Sickle-Cell Anemia C - blood shaped as C's, nig ger, instead of lines Fucks all the time
You think you're tough but in real life I'd smack you across the face with a piece of dogshit and you wouldn't do shit but stand there like the fag that you're momma raised.
@RealCandaceO @ScherieMurray @AOC ...and @RealCandaceO is a nasty representation for all women.
At least he can protect his women and children. Yours are being raped by an invading force while you sit back and justify it.  You're pathetic and you'd get destroyed in any battle, regardless if it was a US vs Sweden war or just your pussy ass on the streets in America. Your homeland is the land of cowards and cucks.
I mean, hating Catholics is pretty reasonable in my opinion. You're kinda fucked up if you still support them at this point with everything we know about their kiddy diddlers and cover ups.
I had to step on these niggas necks
Spread those fucking holes, Stupid Cunt!!!
Yes you better hurry up and get away from these countries. Find another one to go to. Bye Bye.
@YusufDFI No amount of boot licking will earn you a 1st class citizen status. You were, you are and you will always remain a despicable Muslim citizen of a 3rd class country which will lycnh you, kill you and f**k you, as and when desired! Now F**k off
Fucking fat sooooooo closet homo just another DUMB shit drug feend go fuck urself white privladge pussy so glad ur dead u boring fat bitch
you're the one crying about a girl who'd vomit if she even looked at your direction and you're telling other people that they're triggered? on to of moaning like a bitch because she's dating a black guy. lmfao. off yourself, you racist retarded perma virgin.
Tulsi "We must stop American imperialism and start American genocide"
This sub is full of grade A faggots  Comedy fucking Ebola
Nikki Lee The black community is helpless. LOL
+itchy robot LOL what's the matter faggot homosexual cum guzzling sperm baby you looking for attention?  fucking queer
@Alyssa_Milano I hope he cuts your illegals off..
So sad , arrest the whole family because nobody is born this way they are created . Death penalty like in the middle east throw stones or decapitate with dull knife thats my vote .
I'm done with dumb bitches
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
You say you don't succ dicc Bitch You Childish… imma side nigga WTF is a title…You a nasty nigga type to fucc her on period
Ha if I'm the beta then who is skull fucking your mom? Oh thats right her brother... Thats where a fuckin moron like you comes from.
She seems like the type of girl to cut your dick off if you cheat on her
Niggas is fake. Niggas do you wrong and act like they ain't do shit
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Send the Mexicans back ! But let's buy chapo from Mexico  America is a joke
im ,i hate black people and minorities
noah the new zealand shooting was RECORDED and was a religiously-motivated attack. 51 people DIED This was workplace violence. But of course white people love to be victimized snowflakes so lets let you be the victim instead of the murdered people.
Niggas really got bullied in to posting this... you hate to see it. URL
Mmm yes slut, they'd think it was non consensual how I'd destroy that tight asshole, fucking you like an animal full of rage and passion every time you begged me to stop
@DaudovDjan @imEveOW @pcgamer don't reply to me you nonce or i'll call the muslim bureau on your raping pedophile ass they'll shove sand up your ass and burn u in them egypt pyramids, you "we were KANGZ" little good for nothing man. u looking like my wow dwarf paladin u 5 feet smell like feet midget bitch
Fuck this chick
What a moron, pray he doesn't breed.
Suck a duck faggot!
The UN is a corrupt, ultra far left globalist organization that just wants to shit on the us for not being their slave like the other nations in the UN.  Somehow strange how they didn't blame Iran, Saudi Arabia, Africa and the Middle East in general, all places that give 0 fucks about human rights, but blame the us who is anti-globalism right now.  Tottally not an ideological attack.
ah good old Antifa beating up on someone, classic but the bitch had it coming
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Ask yourself, where are you better off, staying in your country of birth or living in America. If you are better off living in America, keep your mouth shut and refrain from complaining everyday. Otherwise go back to your country of origin. Stop being hypocrites. Some elements are dragging this country into hell because we gave them too much freedom to do so.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
We are living in amazing times, a man is chosen by God to defeat the demoncrats and defund Planned Murder a Negro Hood. The propaganda war against him is crazy.
Men are so fucking disgusting. Fucking pigs. Womxn don't owe you shit. Keep your hands to your fucking selves. URL
fuckign bitch u ugly in bullinyg you retard
it should be illegal for her to be subjected to big black cocks!
Had to click off wen he said sell auba
No I need you creepy school shooting child molesting white piglets to drop dead, instead of contaminating Indian Hindus. Whites want white women to stick to their own race, but you lust after Asian and Indian women. You creepy white boys should be castrated.
If these was done on a woman the network might have been shut done. Gender equality at its finest.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
nuke Africa and the Middle East and Asia then if you want population control fool
get a fuckign GREEN card or passport or visa...its not that fucking hard
Not a Muslim, so sorry if this is a known thing in your religion. Is Mohammad riding a deer with a human head to hell?
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
@dejungle_ @RosieMotene Men are literally the weaker species. Statistically they have a much shorter lifespan than women in every country, culture and race.  Women are actually superior.
Who is a Christian? I don't know who is, but I can damn tell you who ain't. These White Evangelicals are the Devil straight up. They has no rights to hold up the we are Christians ever, they never were and never will be. Now when will the real Christians both Black and Whites so called Christians call these racist bastards out.
The gov and some polish are racist albino apes forgotten by the march of evolution.
I'm white, come at me you fucking troglodytes.
I assume your spirit animal is some sort of gay rodent
Funny coming from the racist black man who put children in cages.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@SouleFacts @Ajnanahanta If 'food has no religion', why don't Muslim eat pork?  Muslims do bomb blasts everywhere and then say, "Terror has no religion'! Huhuhu
Dashana Honore shut yo Dirty Ass Up And Go Hate On a Lightskin Girl That Ur Man Would Fuck Quick asf
she calle them niggers, well hope that chink bitch dies in a fucking fire how bout that? black were here in usa before asian so tell that asian hoe to go home
I sort of live in hope that Greta discovers booze, fags and sex soon, so she'll fuck off.
And calling me a pussy in real life somehow makes u hard ? Lmao give me a break this is so pointless
>You're a fool and didn't read the post also you forgot homosexuality is wrong. In fact even if you're an atheist and believe in evolution homosexuality is wrong and makes no sense for the species to survive [I see you](URL We both know what you are.
Recently everytime I go to the chick fila some 16 year old girl who works there will be like " I like your nails " like as if your CEO doesn't throw faggots onto a burning hot grill Gtf out my face
Hang yourself. Do your kids first, so they don't carry on your legacy of idiocy. Your entire gene pool could use some bleach.
Funny how many dislikes this can have, Chris really spoke the honest truth, white people, mainly white males, have this terribly false belief that they own this entire country. I'd respect the man who's man enough to admit to that not these pussyfooted computer users who jump to make this about parties and politics
fuck this bitch
@ScottGamm Chinese Citizens should boycott America and not travel or buy anything in America! Me. Trump should be punished to he humbles himself. While added boycott England, France, Turkey!!
Screw your red neck if he dares throw a camat me I will beat your ass to the next world war 1  Lost a sub  You ought to be more humble white trash
White people are just the most awkward human beings on earth
Q Ables right so how is this a satanic agenda and how is this shamble disgusting or disgraceful? Get the hell out of here you misogynistic pig
Wait never mind they have a actual tranny bye bye now
Of course they're all typical white girls with self diagnosed depression
sooo disgusting, remember when people kept their sex acts to themselves? old woman on 90 day the other way is going to try to force young good looking muslim to peform oral on her.
AND FUCK THAT BITCH THAT HOE AINT SHIT SHE CROSSED THAT LINE W ME TOO!
This bitch make me tf sick
y'all fucking niggas who don't eat pussy? bitch, disgusting
fuck her in the car then allahu akbar
homosexual acts are a sin
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
@Rachael_Swindon And fuck the Jews
Stop fucking them in the pussy. Anal or no dick. That should be our counter protest.
I fuck too many bitches to stress the next bitch bitch
yeah,this woman is a piece of shit like all the others.they believe in killing all the infidels like me. in islam law they call it "strike the neck of the unbeliever" but they won't talk about that part.they work beside us pretending to be like us,but i'm not stupid
This worthless homosexual pretend news organization celebrating the dissolution of the USA.. There is the enemy of the People,
But if Englishmen abandon London to the Muslims they will just revert to killing each other.
@nailainayat I thought in islam there are no siblings only couples! Because brother marries his own sister is what cruel reality of islam! Even in many cases in India muslim father marries his own daughter on the pretext that it is islamic! And changes entire relationship!
Stop pushing homosexuality in your movies, it's wrong and a dangerous lifestyle. Your brainwashing children into a horrible way of life. Typical Jew liberal pedo liberal Hollywood at Pixar.
South is tough, they need proper inclusion, recognition and acceptance that they have really been deprived of by these 'Aryan Invasion' teaching abrahamic morons.
"Common practice says the police from the 6th Precinct would come in to each gay bar and collect their payoff. Routine was, "Faggots over here, dykes over here, and freaks over there," referring to my side of the community." —Sylvia Rivera (2001) source: URL
M0xyy is some weird autist kid in a grown baby body with poop stuck to his diaper.  URL
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
I just want this opportunity to say go take your religious shit elsewhere.
Why are women retards? Why don't they know they're retards? Fuck you
Dumb bitch, dumb shit!
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w/redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal?
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
How to piss off a conservative: "Oh, so you want a safe space away from LGBT people, crossdressers, and immigrants? Fuckin' snowflakes."
Fucking why is this faggot back on here
OP is a faggot and a cuck.
And a rapist, racist loser. Aokigahara, fucking worthless cracker piece of shit.
The Boondocks is making fun of the niggas that make tweets like this and yet here they are STILL making tweets like this. Y'all know The Boondocks is a satire about Y'ALL and not gay people, right? You're the ass of the joke URL
there really is some weird implied sense in women that hey, i exist, so you MUST fuck me if i want to fuck you. I truly believe so much of the feminist hatred comes from post wall women. their ego's inflated to such a degree, that when the "no's" start coming in, they just don't know how to handle it, and want to truly make things like rejecting them as rape. what's the difference between a hot girl using her beauty to control a guy and an ugly girl making a law forcing the guy to act like the men do to hot women. nothing to them.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Yo white christian conservative men...do you all get along with anybody? You all are some real jerks. By the way....give your kids a call before they put another needle in their arms or take another hit of meth. .
I could throw these niggas in a barrel of grapes and they would never make wine.
for those who don't know there are plenty of Asians who consider themselves honorary white supremacist
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Throw out the Illegals and give the housing to homeless American Vets! But Noooooo, you support only criminals and shit on our Veterans.
Who's the fag on the left? Just kidding, I don't give a shit.
@LadyJ41 I have seen this at many tRUmp rallies, it's not unusual. These crazies are KKK, white Supremist, Ekkklangelicals, KKKristians. None are actual Christians of any kind, but are FAKE Christians that actually worship tRUmp the dictator. They are brimming full of HATE for almost all.
BTS have broken barriers and have accomplished so much and y'all created a whole new category so that you can avoid BTS being in the main categories where they deserve because they're asian. disgusting white supremacist behavior #VMAsRacist #VMAsXenophobic
@Millie__Weaver Shove your bible up ur ass
Time to quarantine Africa, before liberals import Ebola into a neighborhood near you.
what do u mean he has strong het vibes tho  a loss for the lgbt community
Lesbian gives redhead maid intense anal finger fucking URL
Fuck #Israel. They're going in and demolishing Palestinian homes. If you defend Israel you're a piece of shit. Palestinians are humans, and Israel is committing human right violations against them. #FreePalestine
If it's neither the World Cup or St George's Day and you have a flag up you're probably going to be called a white supremacist
They hate their patriotic Muslims as well, although they deserve that hate for being porch monkeys
tremeaker gilbert wanna know what's racist ? Majority of babies aborted are minorities.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
@81kensmith You fucking insensitive mongoloid idiot! We need to have people like you spayed and neutered!
Corruption is not only affecting your family it's destroying whole world you take right of poor and giving your kids so how can you will be happy when you took right of others it's time before die say apologize to ALLAH and. #ByeBye_Corruption
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
My guess is cause no one knows which end is up and just copies the store next to them?  Alternatively, it's a signal of queers in distress and we're trying to summon the Superheoes of Gay to rescue us from the archvillan Kristi Noem.
Actually I was literally thinking about how the Spanish Inquisition tortured people and the Catholic church, for example, could be equally savage, but it is a completely irrelevant thought that makes no sense to include in the post just to satiate people like yourself who are constantly shrieking "WHAT ABOUT WHITE PEOPLE."
Fuck a nigga cop anyway. They are nothing but agents of white supremacy. He got what he deserved.
@rhowardbrowne I think America should follow suit with Austria and I believe Australia as well tearing down two mosques and immediately deporting all Muslims
@PrisonPlanet I'd love to kick the cunt off this faggot
A big size contrast between a muscular Alpha God and inferior fag sub slut always makes my dick instantly hard. Love how this Alpha God treats this fag bitch like the hole he is, fucks his brains out, ruins his hole, chokes him and covers his mouth, breeds him, and discards him. URL
Nah, they just fell into the old circle jerk of constantly trying to appear the most "woke" or whatever the younger generations are saying these days. Makes them progress into saying really stupid shit sometimes. Like I once got lambasted on that sub for making the joke "once you go black, you're gonna need a wheelchair". Guy talked shit over how I was a vile, disgusting racist until I said, "we're posting quotes from the movie White Chicks". Then he just disappeared. It's an odd place.
gay people should die
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
White bitches! Ruining baseball since 1869.
In hs I was dark as fuck but look at me now bitch.... sis is glo dafuq up  URL
Lots of more resistance than a vagina apparently
Denial of ethnic cleansing and genocide of Hindus in Kashmir and India by Islamist fundamentalists, across centuries, must be made into a punishable offence. Do you all agree? URL
@IamSethR aww booboo - does the nasty woman intimidate your minuscule manhood?
Shut up you frog face ass bitch you look like you was in 8 mile nigga URL
I'll fuck you with my fingers because a mutt like yourself doesn't deserve my dick
Being the Cool Girl is a waste. I'd suggest you get over this tryhard phase of your life and accept how dehumanizing porn actually is.
To the "Things" with vaginas in the world, I don't care anymore whether or not you get an abortion ,dig the fuck in!! I won't have to answer to anybody about your decision,, BUT,, just don't expect me to use my tax dollars for it… You pay for the shit… !! Buy your own mess!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
1 of my fave hobbies includes meeting and being able to pronounce Dominican names without a problem & fascinating them cause my skin is white
This is what low IQ looks like.  Australia spends $8.5 billion on beef per year. Does that grow on trees? You fucking ape.  Also, we slaughter kheer/firni on Eid ul Fitr not animals. URL
She needs to take her dirt nap. She's going to Hell. She has single handle destroyed Europe
I usually don't say stuff like this but I want to bash her brains in and then stick a straw into her brain and suck her brains out of her head.
Fuckin fagit.
Wtfff this is nasty. I hope she gets some awful std.
Who wants to fuck the chick with the dick?
@KellyannePolls Soooo disingenuous. If a Muslim American yelled "Alluah Akbar" and started shooting you'd be blaming "Muslim Extremists" If an undocumented immigrant was responsible, you'd be blaming Democrats and screaming build a wall. URL
You are a moron with a Dog Mouth, Pig Like Face & nasty tongue who is spreading Hate against Pakistan & Islam #DrunkDick
> dude if a chick is at a bar, it's ok to talk to her Not if you're ugly.
@buzzman888 @vachilly64 There is no such thing as a peaceful Muslim...justread the Quran.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Yeah, he was an American native. Educate yourself.  At least you can take solace in the fact that you won't see the total destruction of France in your lifetime. Thanks to your idiotic government I bet your country as you know it will be gone in three generations. Can't say I'm surprised though, rolling over is kinda your nations thing. Congrats on being consistent?
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Heh I know a slut like you wants to be a helpless fuck doll for a futa like me! After I'm done breeding your cunt I'll use your throat for a few hours! Drown you in my cum! URL
All you bitches can suck my dick fr. No funny
They hate their patriotic Muslims as well, although they deserve that hate for being porch monkeys
> Insulting to who To male victims of rape and violence you insensitive, selfish piece of shit.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
@natsammayaapeh White people like him annoy me. I'm sure he can describe the inside of a Starbucks far better than a reservation.
Nothing worse than a hoe offering you relationship coochie, go to hell you filthy whore.
Why have an LGBTQ+ grey haired old bag interview Joshua and Ruiz?
@ryannugenta @Cullen00691071 @bigalbigs @billcollectorDB @Piru_Pancakes @EptskayUnway My niggah..you weird AF dude , you felt salty about a fake Lux Page , you thought I was trying to play you ...now let's see if you man enough to fucking apologize fam ...deadass  You too grown for this shit
If he changed his ways like shutting down his Jew killing factories.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Should've got a black actress for Mulan #fuckdisney
Hashtag white extinction
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
No one cares niggers won humans lost you faggy cuckservative
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
No good homos I'd like to kick their lousy butts! FTFY
I could edge my little white sissy stick for HOURS to pics like this  #snowbunnysunday #jerkoffjunkie #bigblackcock #BBCWorship #cuckold #saynotowhiteboys URL
Allah was a pedophile and serial murderer.
this video makes me so uncomfortable because tbh Shawn gives me such gay vibes, to see him getting sexual with a girl while i think he's gay just doesn't look pretty
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
this is brak's pu don't touch it She wasn't born on U.S soil. She's a political leader and the country she is from is trash. Literally trash. Caused by warlords and rebels.  You have mental issues
Fk that sodomite puppet!
God I fucking hate whores
+D Raww We've been held to a different standard all our lives as black men, the shit ain't nothing new. But you do have idiots who will be idiots as well. No excuses.
Trump, talking about migrants on the southern border: "How do you stop these people?" Crowd: "Shoot them." Trump, chuckling: "That's only in the Panhandle you can get away with that stuff." URL
@king_Bello7 @JohnHGraham6 @b77_sarah I think if it was any other culture the guy would be facing assault charges, of course it is islam.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
@_flora15_ @jainnaincy10 @sharmarashmi20 @RstfOfficial @ColorsTV @shantibhushan3 @mnysha @rajabetasharad Bcoz for them male have no dignity it's such a shame they re promoting male rape molestation illegal marrige males also have dignity rape is rape males also have dignity looser CVS
Fucking dumb bitch, i'll just sit on a normal chair, stupid fucking females
a group of guys call them selfs BIA Brothers in Action bro they were so close for year I came to the school one of them told each other how much U wanna bet she'll end up with me bro u should of seen the shit that went down  a female is not worth it and that's bro code
lol burn the whole church down The entire fucking organization was complicit in the assaults. They sheltered abusive priests for DECADES and still are covering shit up today.
*Sicilian piece of shit The rest of Italy disowned those halfricans centuries ago for being too weak to protect their women from Muslim invaders. No real surprise, since Joe couldn't even protect his mother from loneliness.
"But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away." ~Mark 4:6 #Faith #Bible #Jesus
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
How about Stop going to Church Live life freely Be a good person Treat others how you want to be treated Do what you want so long as it doesn't hurt anyone You can be spiritual if you want too the Church doesn't have a monopoly on spirituality.
#12 Kali Deity Vandalized in Kushita, Bangladesh One Kali deity was broken and another was lying on the floor by the temple caretaker, along with several precious ornaments stolen, in a Hindu Temple in Kushtia, Bangladesh.
trust fund? rich faggot
Aren't you a bit too white for a Redcoat to not get killed be all the migrants?
Iran. Go fuck the US.
Buzzfeed has to make sure this video is sufficiently gay to meet publication standards. Buzzfeed cannot disappoint their base of idiots and freaks.
closeted gays need to calm down i swear y'all are wild URL
Shordy a say she crazy but she really just retarded
@ph_terry @IlhanMN @janschakowsky She is a worthless POS, lowest form of human life
cry more little pussy ass bitch n\*\*ga, you deserve what you got
You're a fucking faggot and you're essentially a waste of oxygen. You deserve execution and your best bet is community college (even though they'd likely reject you as well).
It's the dirt under their fingernails that makes Iranian nuclear power stations the more dangerous to everybody.
trump luvs2deride blk urban areas. But many white rural areas are struggling too. Recent study: since 1990s, rural counties replaced cities as US's most troubled areas. The next time conservatives shout "Chicago!" shout "Kenton, Ohio!" right back at em! URL
Haha, love that fag's empty stare. Dumb, willing, obeying. Fuck his throat and make him choke, man. URL
small minded hoes will let social media ruin they relationship
Fuck Jihadis  We are 100 crore try and do Jihad this time we make sure non of the Jihadi Bastard Survives
No I'm saying Saudi didn't fund 9/11 and they don't fucking have women and LGBTQ (which don't exist there) dying in their backyards everyday, you're fucking brainwashed and very stupid. Every major country is shitty in their ways, including America.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
The performivity I'm seeing lol this guy may not be relatable to the masses class wise but his warped views definitely do represent a good sum of British people. Also, what is Boris going to do that Theresa hasn't/wouldn't have done?
I hate atheists
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
David is a dumb, ignorant, isolated redneck, He's not a grand wizard in the KKK or a neo Nazi crusader like Richard Spencer. I hate David, but the only "racist" thing he's done is constantly dress in confederate flag shit. He doesn't go out of his way to make sure he's wearing secret symbols. He's very open about his love for the confederate flag so I think if he wanted to push a neo Nazi agenda he wouldn't try to do it so subtlety.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
TIL the Jews in Israel are Nazi's
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
I hear the Iranians raised their arses to the British sailors and asked them to show them the light as they retreated.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
You EVIL LAND INVADING PALEFACE SAVAGES GO BACK HOME TO YOUR CAVES IN EUROPE BCUZ YOUR CHILD MOLESTING LAND STEALING MURDEROUS ANCESTORS CAME HERE UNWANTED
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
I fuckin hate girls who listen to "if i were a boy"
Get fucked by a ^small ^child? Mr pedophile
I'd fuck her into next week and cum in all her holes
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Words don't hurt her but cramming her penis into that thong everyday sure does.
Deport her send her back to Somalia she is a terrorist piece of shit.
JonBenét was raped and murdered by a Hispanic, according to the DNA evidence.
Bitch i bet you get off on when a slut kills her baby in the womb so she can be lazy but webeat a animal like most species do and we are immoral. Fuck off
Agreed. Never listen to the deception out the christians mouths. They are wicked liars and worship the devil. The words 'sick' is meant to me good. The word 'come' is also a dirty word.. They celebrate pagan religions. 4:20 is hitlers birthday..
@anti zion He's about to you Palistinian Muslim POS.
MACHO MAN AND I DPED THIS HOOKER ONE NIGHT IN 2004..... WE BOTH HAVE MAMMOTH PENISES AND WE JUST STRETCHED THAT BITCHES PUSSY AND ANUS SO WIDE SHE WAS IN A WHEELCHAIR FOR 2 WEEKS , WE JUST PUNISHED HER
A who's who of freaks, perverts, racists, and psychopaths.
The Taliban isn't going to have to kill us, they just need to wait around for the white supremacists to wipe us out. Conservative racists are America's enemy. We should declare a war on them!
You look like the type of kid who calls his teacher a "faggot cunt"
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
@mike_pence @realDonaldTrump Just shut your mouth and put down your blackberry. Stay in the closet, you queer!
give it a rest faggot
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
There are two possibilities; one, he is queer, and the other is he's a man-child idiot who lack any awareness of the bigger understanding of the world who's using the power given to him irresponsibly.
Just putting it out there. But fuck Israel and fuck Saudi Arabia both. Right in the ass.
all I can think of is how he would 100% manspread on the subway URL
I hate being the only hijabi lol
So that's the Americans and the Iranians fucked. Literally. Bring it!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
Look at his tiny head. What a tiny-headed faggot
some bitches be hella hoes and be proud of that shit
Wrap ur flaccid cock around her neck when she says choke me daddy
Fuck outta here faggot ass catfish, this is a german e-girl
Yeah that's pretty fucked up. Even the 2/3 that mention maybe men can be a victim lookin for help, start off with "are you a monster that beats your wife and need help not being a raging lunatic?"  While the bajillion available for women, not a single one mentions getting help for being a raging cunt that beats her husband and kids.
I hate atheists
Iran will do Fukin nuttin
>I'll happily support a war with Iran now. Fuck them, let's get rid of these intolerable Islamists. Yeah. The irony.
Fuck you you white asshole
Ofc jesus. Maybe they talked with you daddy our lord
I've spotted the [INCEL • KLANSMAN • ALT RIGHT GUY • NEXT SCHOOL SHOOTER]!
He a faget i got shootters that would fuck him up they deleted my insta kus i came at this nigga
Arabs? What's an Arab? Iranians are terrorists.
@TheNozzerator @KirstiMiller30 @sharrond62 Fair enough however the number of transgender people is not large (ca.1,5million in the US), for athletes, the numbers are even smaller, more so if we're only talking about MTF athletes. Still, as long as the science isn't conclusive, exclusion is a bad solution.
ON BEHALF OF ALL GOOD MEN, CAN YALL WHITE DUDES STOP SAYING SOME DUMB ASS SHIT ABOUT ABORTIONS AND BANNING THEM? HOW ARE WE GONNA FIND A QUEEN WHEN THEY ALL FUCKING HATE MEN. YALL FUCKIN US UP TOO BRUH
@no_gtf BITCH SHUT UP WHY YOU SO LOUD
WHAT THE FUCK  GOVANHILL IS A GHETTO. AN ACTUAL 21ST CENTURY RAT INFESTED GHETTO. DRUG DEATHS THROUGH THE ROOF OVER THE COUNTRY AND THERE SHE IS. DANCING AWAY IN ENGLAND YOU FUCKING YES YET YA DAFT STUPID CUNTS??? URL
You can go suck a diseased dick faggot
I think imma write a song and it's gone go. My Nudes are pretty like a storm  Ringing the dudes I'm the alarm  She's a hillbilly, she's from the farm  Snatch your nigga cause this bussy is armed  Dick longer than a python  Got bitches playing teen titans
And then after we get the pussy y'all all type of fat bitches
Disgusting turtle cock I knew it. You probably look like a gross Euro inbred with your receding hairline to top it off . I bet "mommy" has to pick out your nasty dick cheese too. You sound like such an entitled prick. If your parents and nation are rich and you still can't get it together you are truly a pussy boy.
This is why no man is a misogynist if he demands that condoms be used, that he retain sole control of those condoms prior to and after sex, and that he takes the used condoms with him or disposes of them in the manner HE sees fit.  Women have many options for temporary birth control. Men have **one** and they need to be careful with it lest they get trapped by someone they're supposed to be able to trust. No man should ever be strong-armed with exhortations to just trust their partner. Too much is on the line.
We should just nuke Saudi Arabia. It's not enough that we went after that wealthy Saudi Bin Laden family /s
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
These guys are a bunch of soft little fags
I wish there was a version of Twitter that didn't constantly remind me that the world is hell and that everyone hates Black women
Gas the Jews
Soo, anything that doesn't go your way is because of the white man? Bitch stfu
A re " homosexuality is a disease"  yes, we will never let this go URL
eat my ass hoe
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@CNN Okay that means you need to ban all mainstream media because you are all Jewish supremacy organizations. @foxandfriends @CNN @ABC @NBCNews you are all supremacy. I'll wait @YouTube and if u don't you'll get sued in common law jurisdiction
These kids are retards
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
He's just a lonely incel who dreams of wife beating and owning slaves.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
salaam jihadi, i don't speak your arabic language.  please go back to saudi arabia and go kill some gays or whatever you pieces of shit like to do.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
"Because I am a lunatic whore pimped out by kikes and degenrates"
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
@jamila_jb @quickiemart @AOC Lol!! Yep!! This was Spanish territory long before it was Mexican and then American. Read massacre canyon. Where the Sioux massacred over 100 Pawnee women and children. Then the apache death cave where the apache kidnapped- raped and murdered Navajo girls
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
@CricketAus You piece of crap misogynists. We will ruin all your male events. These are the worst of men - cheating vile misogynists. Don't send them to the UK or we know what to do with the bat
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Username checks out, and it's a joke autist
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Man doesn't want to have a kid he's a horrible person. A woman doesn't want to have a kid it's her right to abort or legally abandon it. Babies aren't that great. Millions of women agree based on the amount of abortions they get.
I have never seen this group of clowns before.......they seem to be pretty faggy
This is for SM you big fat nasty smelling fat bitch why you took winwin off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch I'm coming outside and I'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch and don't even call the poli
@realDonaldTrump "Send her back"? A U.S. citizen? Just because she won't kiss your fat bloated orange ass? F**k you, your thugs, and your crime family. Go back to HELL where YOU came from, you lousy FASCIST criminal traitor white nationalist sex predator incompetent bastard! URL
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
PERIOD BITCH!
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
She came up to get her some... Dick and pussy and money... How can no one see that??
sexually or memeish
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
@sasser826 @tonyposnanski He and his evil ass, racist ass supporters want brown folks killed.
I'd leave that fuck hole dripping with cum like the whore you are and then call my friends to dump their loads inside you too
if you make a Nigga cum off head you the devil
@WatchnDaWorld @DariusVolket @SenSchumer @SpeakerPelosi @SenGillibrand @RepPaulTonko It is Worse than people think. An illegal alien tried to kidnap me in San Diego. They commit MOST of the crimes. They are the majority of our prison population for murders, rapes, violence, MS-13 gang violence, pedophilia, sex trafficking, drug dealings, thefts, robberies, FRAUD
@ImSaPK @ZaidZamanHamid We've been seeing for 1400 years. You're useless at your job. Even your papa Saudi has openly told everybody you are just slaves. You are those who knelt down and read kalma at the mere sight of a sword like the cowards you are. We have been here for 5000 yrs & will for 5000 more
Holy Huan Henobi, his mexican passport!
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
We try to keep a good balance between local and foreign missions.  I know many churches that go waaaaay off kilter (normally in the direction of foreign missions). This has ended up hurting many missionaries, because they are not part of the church's pet project/missions focus. Many USA churches especially have an aversion to supporting USA church planters, for some reason.
Fuck those white kids
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
this is not Mexico it's the United States you want Mexico then go there, Wake up America we are under attack from the enemy who have infiltrated our own country, if it's war there after than let's give it to them ..
You're a grown-ass adult who uses homophobic slurs and tells people to kill themselves apparently so idk man.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
> Why was some parts of the bible written? Because my early iron age, nomadic, sheepfucking ancestors didn't have the internet and porn to keep them entertained. So, they had to find something else to do. And, they were probably dehydrated out in the desert and may have been hallucinating. So, they mixed in an unhealthy dose of old myths and total garbage and bad morals shook well, cooked, and served. A better question would be why anyone in the modern age still believes this shit.
My blood is boiling. Jahannam awaits all those who harm the slaves of Allah. URL
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Dear Anupam Kher, you are a Moron and a gutter person. Wish somebody shoots you or you die of a disease soon.. Useless. URL
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
America we need and have to take our Nation back from these Communist and Jihad Muslims in the White House.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Inb4 the fight disputing whether or not the cameraman is being a gross misogynist pig and him being "a bro".
It'd be better if halal kosher etc were to be banned  URL
#IndianMuslim Javed Akhtar is a pathetic actor. Pls learn something from your 2nd wife Shabana Azmi . Also Godse shot Gandhi 2 times so who fired the 3 rd bullet ? Did u guys do the post-mortem or once Godse surrendered let the other killer run away  #SaturdayThoughts URL
I'm a fag with aids who gets more pussy than you, and you are jealous.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
I would ruin her asshole
Muslims will burn in hell with fagots, lesbians, atheist. Burn all the qurans, there god allha can suck my left nut, jesus is god
This black guy and this girl is fucking annoying . Only know how to yell
Get a load of this faggot.
Satan and Hitler are the parents of AANickFan
If there were no US to destabilize Central America since the 1950s there would probably be less abused people and they wouldn't need to go anywhere.
This whole country is embedded w racism that is no lie but the media is beating it into the brains of American ppl to be over sensitive of any thing White..
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
pls go back to inviting white ppl to the cookout. I'd rather have that then passes given out for the n word... URL
@unforgivablism some men truly are just trash... thank god i have my friends
Dr. Cum Control edging his very horny boy. And then giving him a ruined orgasm  @DrCumControl #edgehim #edging #milking #cumcontrol #orgasm #ruinedorgasm #cum #handjob #jerkoff #bondage #kink #kinky #gaykink #bdsm URL
fucking shit talentless gay agenda pushing slut
Lake Baikal is full of crazy incels
A couple of white wives having a fun time with a gang of bulls #HotWife #Cuckold #Cuck #QueenOfSpades #SlutWife #Qos #XXX #CuckoldGoals #BlackBull #SnowBunny #Interracial #Hotel #Gangbang #Orgy #HubbyRecording #BigBlackCock URL
I hope you go to area 51, because they shoot on sight. Sooo in short, DIE YOU GAY BITCH
fr diva gays are the worst types of faggots. take some phenobarbital and chill b4 i come for your whole life
Make China poor again!
Being around white people make me nervous!
@nessnitty @angela_rye @E_Reid35 @Kaepernick7 As he & others should the fight continues until what is due a system based on RESPECT & APPRECIATION 4 what our ANCESTORS WERE FORCED 2 GIVE AMERICA = FREE LABOR THAT BUILT THIS MOTHER WHICH = AN ECONOMY THAT BENEFITED LAZY, RACISTS WHITE FOLKS WHICH = GENERATIONS UNEARNED WEALTH URL
@Phil M quite down now negro. COURT HAS 24 SLAMS STUPID NEGRO. Go check on google if you know how
The Sniveling Babies In Arizona are at the Top ,They Need Adults Diapers +Pacifiers Harassing Females At Coffee shops And supplying drugs to children for generations and covering their asses murdering Innocent Families and Abusing the Community!  Twistedly Upside down Babbling Babies Chimpanzees That Want Respect! Ha! HA! HA! THE GRAINS IN A HOURS
Only Fox News would give a White Nationalist like Laura Ingraham their own show. What a truly vile, hateful human being. I live in California and I'm proud of my Governor.
Attention faggot - its time for your daily hole opening. Kuwaiti Mohamed might bring his friends over or he might just rape your pussy for a few hours by himself. He'll decide, you'll obey. URL
Those four crazy bitches should be in labor camps of their own countries Why they are here? Are they came for a better life? Hmm, I don't think so. If you don't like what you see - GET OUT from America. America, in this case, will be just BETTER.
Whites have no issue killing, raping, using.j abusing non-whites...but a painting..."omg, such a tragedy!" Very clearly a painting has more value than a non-white person's life, in particular a South East Asians', judging by how whites treat people there...
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Because urban Americans are ruining our country for us!
Meh. At least the Jews aren't fucking jihading
Somebody shit the cunts mouth before I fuck start her head...
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Actually it's Zionists, Fossil fuels barons and war profiteers in the West teamed up with Vladimir Putin and some Saudi psycho to destroy democracy on earth.. Sooooo....eat a popsicle? On the bright side at least climate change will kill everyone eventually...even the psycho shit heads destroying nature and most peoples chance for a decent living for ...... blow jobs on yachts from sex slaves???
Of course he is... He's going around trying to get these black bastards...
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Ree reee. Islam is cancer and must be eradicated at all costs.
Should just Fucking knock her out dumb bitch
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
So? I'm not a spiteful little white supremacist bitch sucking daddy Trumps cock
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
USA! USA! USA! Why do we give a hell about you limey fuck? Every 50 years, give or take a decade, we put a whooping on one of you frog eating, pasta munching, krauts.
@SweetieWalker @EWErickson Are you all really this motherfucking goddamn idiotic/heartless in equal measure? Any moral God would surely allow you and anyone who agrees to burn in eternal hellfire you cunts.
@MSNBC Quite wasting g TIME & LIVES! JUST REMOVE THE FUCKER. 527 Years after Columbus, a white male politican finally admitted whites are breeding domestic terrorist. Think what they might accomplish in another few millinia .... let women control their uterus!  allow POC VOTING!
@matthewkeigans1 good cry cause ur bitch ass won't be shit ever
We should faggot
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Bye bye bye to all of them illegals illegal get them out. We don't want these leeches in Pennsylvania either run the bus straight to the Border dump them off
The feminist strikes again.
Listen .... this nigga would have to die idgaf
U help a chick get her glow back and get thick, and she wanna be out showing her ass off hoes grimy and ungrateful
Please deport all Americans back to America and you motherfuckers can have all your illegals back.
GAY people are scientifically Mentally disturbed people...THE gay men act like women and the Lesbians act and dress like men..WTF
youre another dumbass redneck american who has literally never stepped foot in another culture
@b77_sarah @mark_selby723 So the American taxpayer and/or other American citizen patients of that hospital will pay the medical bills for a criminal, . . with NO respect for American sovereignty or rule-of-law. Anyone falling off our American border wall should be drug back on Mexico's side. . URL
I fucked your mom so hard that when she died she took my libido with her
You sound like a really bitter person. Have you always hated women, or was it after you got rejected by one?
There is no cure for homosexuality. Because there doesn't need to be.  We can only hope there is a cure for Brexit Party's Anne Widdicombe's ignorance.  #FFS  URL
This is complete BS! STUPID blind Sheeple being led by a manipulative Leftists! A perfect example of why Scripture says women should not preach! Eve took the 1st bite of the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden and then tempted Adam into biting it...Hence, the fall of mankind!
@ZenAndHopscotch Deluded crazy racist hypocritical white bitch. By her own religions standards she will burn in hell
Don't watch then faggot
The majority of the UK is non-religious. It's time to end religious privilege – including government-funded faith schools, compulsory collective worship in all schools, prayers in Parliament, and 26 voting places for Church of England in Parliament. Join! URL URL
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
worst pussy ever bro i should punch this bitch in her sleep
Are you afraid of loneliness? — Shut the fuck up faggot URL
Crossdressering and getting fucked in the ass with a strapon
Being human is literal money laundering for arab money kek
This is sick and disgusting , if the exhibit was abunch of male genitalia and there were naked men standing there in front of little girls the entire world would be in UPROAR , fuck your feminist bullshit URL
Mr C, you are a racist moron spreading hateful garbage. Do some research about white cops being convicted for shooting black people and then you'll shut your mouth in shame for having written such stupid garbage.
These guys didn't get blown to fuck by mortar so you could act like a faggot. URL
@prosciuttoboy Nothing much nigga syndrome
Y'all can't get these men to take y'all on $200 dates but y'all sucking dick while y'all on your period. Keep winning sister. Your mother proud.
Hey dumbass woman who created this chair. There's a thing called a penis and balls. Next time before you try to make a "stance", don't be an idiot.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@realDonaldTrump Good morning and Shabbat Shalom from #IDF troops To President Trump, #USArmy troops and all Trump supporters! To all haters, Leftist supporters of Islamists, go ask Allah for your blessings. See how far that will get you!  Support #Israel! URL
Deport this corrupt jihadie breeder and Islam from America.
Ugly ass chinese chink ass fuck ward
Zionists are hated around the world by moderate Jews.  Are they antisemitic? Ciggy butt brain
yes you seem like an abusive homophobic that asked this silly offensive question to bait Gays into an abusive debate. This post has been reported to the admins as trying to initiate hate speech dialog.
India's always cheat in game,they will lose 50 percent match if they don't cheat
Fuck off yourself, fag.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
All the niggas I know in the hood that got mad kids with different women always had a touch of retardation but were good at talking to women.
No, it's absolutely on topic. Some people consider being trans a severe disability. Do you know any trans people? Do you know the years of counseling that they go through trying to figure out who they are? The years of depression? Attempted suicides because of the mental illness associated with it? The distress it causes the families knowing how hard it is for their child growing up being so confused? Some might say, it would be easier if they'd never been born at all. Abortion is the choice of the parents and they need to be able to decide based on the quality of life of their child.
i got loads of sexist jokes about how women aren't clever
Indians go to hell
Look a White Incel just showed up to vomit his neo-colonialist patriarchy.
Freak bitches and a ho
Oh please, fuck no. Dudes a soy boi beta and so are his followers
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Fucking pussies. I wish I could deport them into the afterlife.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
What will it take before the majority of Catholics just had enough and leave? The video attached shows the story of the bible that is literally infinitely more believable than the main stream interpretation so the religion does not even make any sense scientifically, theologically, logically... etc on top of that all the sexual misconduct, corruption, and atrocities through out the tragic history of the organization. What will it take for a mass apostasy?
Yea those linos do need to be turn straight because in nature males may fuck every like very very rare but they would fuck a female not matter what gay is actually not a thing in real life animals can't be gay technically humans can't but from some reason we think we can do anything and define Mother Nature also I don't think it gey ppl fault that was a bit much
Amateur Little Tits Big Cocks DVP MMF Threesome   #سالب_الكويت #سالب_السعودية  nude snapme URL a20osi
Replace white people, I hate them
Fuck bof them niggas..
Is she retard
So hes not a terrorist?? O wait hes not muslim
Yeah...lets kill as many children as we can...for that matter why don't we bomb the areas where we have them caged up...cheap and easy solution to the border problem...yeah killing is definitely the answer
Wow epik overuaed meme. What are you five and unimiginative. You are a waste of air. Gfy bitch. This meme is unfunny and old. Just like your moms cooch. Fuck you nigger
They started a human Holocaust once they got going, they didn't start the war...
I think this is the time of year companies use PRIDE aesthetics to appear inclusive but don't hire LGBTQ+ identifies persons. Fascinating!!
@IfraJan_ You guys backstabbed us Kashmiris by siding with the occupational forces. Enough with your pity party.
This fag needs to know his place by masters and followers. RT him to make him a faggot for everyone who likes fags
Deport all the illegals and build the wall! Anybody that tries to stop ICE tomorrow should be jailed and fined.
isreal creates many major advances for the world, iran creates nothing if you want to go broke only publish and sale books written by iraians
Put this cunt on the street there he'll see how black people get harrassed by police he reading from books typical mr know it all
too many fags on this sub wtf
@passiontwist You are fucked up fucking white trash
Time to deport some freeloaders.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
That hoe too basic ion want ya bitch
Fuck gays and lesbians fuck them, they poison the word!!! Shitty libtards disliking
I don't deal with bitches no more
You look like a trashy ghetto whore
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Hittz Look Like He Could Be A Tranny
But mulan wasnt a good fighter in the Disney movie. She got by on her brains and help from friends. This is just going to be another Libtard Women = power men = toxicity movie. Fuck disney.
Weak ass ho can suck my pussy
Every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash. Look around.
If you are reading this. People like you set the human race back. Faggot
Yea so I am all for eye for an eye. Bitches that do this deserve the slammer. Shits robbery or not only money for the court and legal costs for just goin thru this shit but also the robbery of life not spent making something better of the world. Y'all women can be evil
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Send her back, Ilhan Omar go back to Somalia were you belong. America don't want you here. President Trump strip her citizenship and deport her. Shame on you Omar you are snake in this country.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Unlike most fat ass Russians, I do this thing called working out. Rather than die form early alcoholism, and rather than have retarded babies, Americans actually play sports and go tot he gym. That is why Russian women don't fuck Russian men, and why your mother cheated on your father, and why you are a virgin.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
this is for @ SMTOWNGLOBAL u big fat white nasty smelling fat btch why you took me off the m@therfcking schedule with ur trifling dirty white racist ass u big fat oompa loompa body ass bitch i'm coming up there and i'm going to beat the fck out of u btch and don't even call the p
Iran is backward country. And it couldn't even capture a tanker. As for ppl saying about Russia navy if you look its equivalent to Denmarks navy no match for royal navy about time we sorted Iran out. You hate our way of life and want us dead so why is wrong for us to feel same? Time has come we gonna see who's left standing.. Uk doesn't mention about secret weapons we have unlike loud mouthed Russians or Iran.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
LOWER AND LOWER VIEWERS IS BECAUSE THIS IS A PROPAGANDIST NETWORK. WORTHLESS HOMOSEXUAL TALKING PROPAGANDA.
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes You should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults, somewhat childish and very low IQ. Maybe you're the rascist POS
Rip holes in her clothes and take every hole hard. Finish in her mouth, make her suck the cum off my cock.
Women r trash
@elderofziyon And if there was no Israel it would be just as empty
There is no form of birth control except abstinence that leaves you absolutely free of any chance of pregnancy. So yeah, you could have been wearing a condom, she could've been on the pill, you could be tracking her cycle and pulling out, and it still could have been yours. Nobody needs to be stealing your precious seed from discarded condoms or whatever other weird MRA talking points you have in your head. Also, you're an asshole. Accept your judgement.
+Stingjay 4000 choke on Niger dick queer boy
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
motherfucker ate all the damn shaving cream smh bitch ass retard
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Typical Iranian bullshit. Plan failed, blame imperialists. They probably got a call from Putin saying 'you did what?', 'oh no you didn't try that'. 'You know what happens now if you start a fight in international waters?' 'We can't help you'.
Oh shut the fuck up you shriveled incel cunt
Goats are cool tho. Go ahead and fuck those. Muhammad said it's cool.
R.Kelly did all that screaming and crying and is guilty af. Just like a nigga.
it's not fucking mental health care it's racism get it through your thick fucking skulls. plus imagine if COPS were the only people allowed with guns???? PHEW
sooooo??? what we now just for illegal immigration??? Than don't complain when terrorist come in like a field day ....idiots .... what a disgrace to anyone who suffered from 911 directly
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@ShashiTharoor @shiwangisharma8 Its not long time when you will realize that your business of being ANTI INDIAN will shut down shortly. At that time you will be in BJP OR MAY BE HANG TILL DEATH WITH INDIANS LAW.
I'm run a train on all for sluts fuck thos fucking fuck AOC fuck all thos britches
Ugly assfuck
I hope the dog who bit off another guy's dick gets to meet him. Also, your mother is toxic af and she needs to be cut out of your life. Moms aren't perfect, but if yours can cause a panic attack and not even think about what she says to her daughter who got raped, she needs to be cut off.
Christians are retards
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Never let niggas know your next move  URL
No Canadians wtf... you racist fuck go die in a hole... stupid bitch
"Women from Canada have to go to US for abortions they can't access here here's why I'm gonna ignore the glaringly obvious that Canada is fascist too"
What a gay boy. He needs to be stoned for his sins. Which is being gay.
check out my new vedio! its this new Bollywood movie. and how feminists are TRIGGED by it. am sure you would love it. i have started youtube recently. would love it if y'all subcribed
WAKE UP AMERICA! This is coming from a Member of Congress! "Israel has hypnotized the world; may Allah awaken the people and see the evil doings of Israel." ~ Ilhan Omar The Democrats refuse to denounce this Ant¡-Sem¡t¡c rhetoric! WALK AWAYJEXODUS I Stand With Israel  URL
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
@CarlosJLacayo @HannaMontona @Tyler2ONeil I'm informed. Those white make terrorists assholes would shut me down as a rightwinger and it would get violent because I won't be silenced. rich white male privilege behind hoods would have to physically shut me up.
A rather bizarre take on birth control from the religious right that leaves me wondering how much longer until they ban birth control too URL
Another subreddit, same outcome. You are a beautiful woman who needs to be used with passion and dominance.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
gay people should die
Throw the people who did this in prison the disgusting fucking low life animals!! Lesbian couple viciously beaten in homophobic attack on London bus URL
gay people should die
@ismail no one wants Africa look at all your young males dying in the ocean trying to flee to Europe. Ww3 has already started there when the first clan war started, you guys get machetes and just start killing each other just because you're different ethnicities
You're just going to end up replacing blacks with mexicans and they don't even speak fucking english. They're catholic and they shit out litters regularly. I like my neighborhood gangs shooting each other like civilized human beings not hacking people to death with machetes.
why are mormons so vulgar when decorating their friends getaway wedding cars?? like the poor father of the bride already knows his daughters gonna get railed all night he doesn't need to see her driving off in a car that says "cock queen" smh.
What white trash part of America did you grow up in where people get married at that age? Hasn't been that way in the northeast for over 150 years.
+Jancy Varghese you shit eating stinky Indian scumbag. Go and fuck your sister.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
That happens when you've been riding the cock carousel for so long that you're not gonna be able to make a connection with another human being... from this thots those abuser mothers
@MsKnowsALot1 @SherrySwain @IlhanMN They do stuff like that in Somalia. Don't be fooled. She is fodder for those wanting to destroy the USA. You know what fodder is don't you. Do you know she wants all women here & particularly all white males enslaved?
Sure buddy, just after you get out of your mother's basement and find a job, you fat kissless 34 year old neckbeard virgin. That poor woman...
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Poland fu*king sucks penis get blown and fu*k out. Get wreckt by fu*king Nazis Poland. Absolutely destroyed, absolutely destroyed, yyyn aan... absolutely defeated. fu*k Poland."
gay people should die
This bitch is beyond retarded
jacked off toilet shit fag
I mean, to a lot of us ALL religions are made up. He's not got some miracle line to God.  I'm sorry to say if his personality was so week that going to a cult camp changed him completely, the old him never actually existed.
@taslimanasreen @AmitShah This is not your land, go Bangladesh, you r in India workings for gobar, u very dangerous for indian. Govt must throw out from my homeland..
Deport 'em all, and build the wall. Even so, come, Lord Jesus!
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Disrespecting Women Finally another sane person
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
America pulling of another 9/11 so they could come up with an excuse to destroy, oppress and steal oil
Incest banter was being thrown around and niggers actually went out of their way to beat their cousins cheeks  URL
HKers are stupid bananas that will never pick up a gun or move their investments to India. No use to us. Let them get rekt. They deserve it. They should have built their factories in democratic India if they valued democracy so much. In fact China steamrolling bananas can provide Indians some inspiration to steamroll you know who.
We'd rather be pigs than Pakistanis.  Everyone knows that a Pakistani is worse than a pig. That's why you don't look at one. Insecurity.
@_lisscatalina She should get hit by a fucking door...
so now they're called migrants, lol what an insult to people who actually migrate, LEGALLY.
Go off I guess, stupid slut
Stop cat callin these women! Mind your fucking business. If they want you they'll come to you, but don't sit and harass these women.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
"where they ultimately need to be" is back in the fucking Congo you morons URL
YTA: You have all of the bitch and none of the pussy. Time to gtfo.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
If you use the word bellend there is a 100% chance your country tried to subjugate the known world and lost to a bunch of farmers in 1776 URL
yep, now we will soon see iran go up in flames. I love it. kill them all and start with those ugly babies.
Why do people care what gang their weird ass niggas I hope y'all kno half the mfs in Chicago haven't been always with the same gang since day one
Suck my fatso cock, sunni rat
#FrenchDavidians will slaughter millions, destroy whole cultures and dictate how they can govern themselves to impose their wicked ideology, but will actively campaign to destroy us for wanting to ban pedophiles from grooming kids in a public location.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Yeah dumbass imagine if ur dick didn't work I'm sure that would cause some desperation URL
ILHAN OMAR IS A RACIST, TERRORIST!!! SEND HER BACK
First you need to use your lips to suck cock, that's the only thing you're good for, you fucking slut, not to make stupid duck faces. Only after you got facefucked you beg for your daddy to fuck you, but first you need to bend and show if your pussy and ass are worth fucking.
OMG. These women are putting my gender back 100 years. "Poor me. Bad man hurt my feelings." Ugh.
Feminism means that she's always the victim, even when she ruins someone else's life.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
They're attempting ethnic cleansing.
'Not gonna lie sir, probably not much you're girl looks really hot, but she's probably some bitch who gets sex and leaves when she sees some won better'
Lmfao I can say nigga like I want fuckboy, you the one looking out of place saying it pushy. Lmfao and tough guy? It's the internet but we can see who's tough. Where the links cause now you capping.
These bitches ugly
The Atheist doesn't deserve that money I don't understand and there's no such thing as a gay-friendly church God made men and women to be together God intended them to be together to go against what they were intended to be is pretty disgusting and disgraceful if anybody agrees comment Christian
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
eat some cum maybe yall wouldnt be so annoying
Just put all the bigots in Alabama and let them wall it off... they can live like it's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Niggas are already spoiling money heist unprovoked kmt I hope you wake up with severe alopecia
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
@MichaelCoudrey Your bullshit can get people killed. All these psychos believe the craziest shit then knuckle up and go killing. You gotta be more careful with these snowflakes.
Yvonne Okoro Gifted Black Queens $10,000 – What Has Social Media Feminist, Lydia Forson Done For The Women She Claims To Be Empowering? URL URL
I hope you have a retarded baby
A toast to us! We have nearly 400 signatures in just over 24hrs demanding the transphobic event at Edinburgh's @MorayHouse be cancelled ! Want to thank Lying Witch in the Wardrobe for her kindness? Why not sign the petition here: URL #NoTERFsOnOurTurf URL URL
AMERICA the land of many psychopaths yet the main one is given constant publicity-sorry to say this but some women out there need to keep their mouths constantly closed-Aoc,the Muslim terrorist Omar god  (oh my god),FEMINISTS,sjw's &antifa
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
It's more that the kind of people who would actually go to or care about a straight pride parade are likely doing it to mock gay people.
I would lick your asshole first till your sweet pussy gets wet then pound your sweet looking ass
I'd fuck her ass and cum on her back then call her a wetback.
Commit suicide yourself, you cock sucking faggot ass bot. That'd send a message.
If terrorist were out to kill regular ass Americans they'd be out blowing up Churches, Shopping Centers & TSA lines. #HelloNoflylist
Choke u on my cock and fuck ur pussy raw
Another disgusting pervert homosexual
I'd lick that asshole till her pussy sprays in my face
Cross the border illegally in Canada? $5,000 fine. Cross the border illegally in Iran? 8 years in prison. Cross the border illegally in North Korea? You get shot. Cross the border illegally in the US? You get welfare, free health care, free college, & a drivers license.
Muslim proposes a Malaysian law protecting men from being seduced into committing rape, incest by women wearing immodest clothing - Trump Train URL
White people are such losers.
Those 4 witches wanne destroy the country... All Somalians hate America
"I'm sure some of them are great people." I disagree. Every one of them illegally entered the country. That is counter to the idea of their being great people.
You know who drives these men to mental illness, depression, and hopelessness? Women.
Shut your faggot ass up. You know damn well how that stigma is nowhere near the same level as it is with reversed roles. This fake outrage y'all perpetrating is played out. He's a douchebag, but you're just sounding like a straight up bitch.
That these arrogant, hate-filled, morally bankrupt lesbian "women?" act like girls soccer matters is delusional. They are a disgrace to the United States.
Your father stamped "c" for "colored" on rental applications for his apartment buildings so he could more easily identify which ones to reject. He praised neo-Nazis and the KKK after they murdered someone protesting their hate. So sit the fuck down. URL
good.. it's what the fucking bitch deserved URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
@cathmckenna A lying privileged white girl who steals from the Canadian taxpayers and SHOOTS more SHIT into the oceans talking about "Conservative" waste...really MCKENNA....REALLY!SMFH
India is doing something big against Kashmiris.  This must be noticed by UON. India Is just fucking shit country who hide their inner problems by crossing LOC & Raising Kashmir Issue. No Power can defeat Allah's Power  Allah Ho Akbar #IndiaUsingClusterBombs URL
I'd destroy her tight pussy
Do you think either want to fuck you? I've seen your post history about women, you post like an angry incel. Without paying, who do you think in Lebanon is going to fuck you? Are you planning on picking them up with some witty banter about Hezbollah and hating on the Israelis?
Females are the most disgusting human beings on this planet.
This bitch is sooo pussy lmao
You need to be in your knees suckling and servicing a fat black dick. You can't stop no matter how tired your mouth gets. You sit there and suck that cock and think about what a stupid slut you are because you've never thought to do this for your own satisfaction. It's ok tho. Dumb little girls like you dont know what they really need. You gon' learn today tho.
@JARRYDTHEPAIN you are missing the underlining reason for the protests. This wasn't an issue brought up by her this is an issue brought up by the somali immigrants who are demanding time to "pray" and they are incapable of defending themselves or verbalizing their arguments so people like this lady create a front to give the idea that this is an issue about all workers being discriminated against when its just about somalis and one SJW. Unless you live in MInnesota you wouldn't understand.
As long as black people are entertaining white people then this country will be excited Via sports Via movies Via killing each other.. Without african americans this country aint shhh
What's so great about straightness, pretty girl? Ha
Wait until you see what the religion of peace and love get up to. Religion makes people retarded
Yep!! I actually consider this all out warfare. What better way to defeat a nation than to emasculate the entirety of its males? There is an all-out assault happening against the Western nations and no one bats an eye!!
Eugenics, should have kept the low IQ one
What a LARPing faggot. You cracked your knuckles and then fisted your own asshole.
@browneyes124337 You go immigrate back to Europe or Africa. Take your grandparents too. Cause America is an Immigrant Country. The only True Americans are the Native Indians. Bye.
@LaraLeaTrump Send her back to prostitution URL
I would shove that fabric as far up you cunt as I could until I ripped a hole in them. I would fuck you at least three times a day, never letting you take them off. I want to see your dirty little brown pussy lips encrusted in my cum and your dried up fluids. After three days I would pull them of and shove them in your dirty little slut mouth while I fucked your add without any lube.
YALL DO NOT LET THESE BITCH ASS NIGGAS MAKE U FEEL LIKE SHIT CAUSE THEY AINT SHIT
You'll know a bitch for years and she'll still fuck wit your opps that's why it's always been fuck y'all bitches
Fuck your bitch over my face and make me clean the cum off her pussy and your dick
Time to call upon those evil white people to come save their asses. But don't worry, the Squad will save them.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
That's pretty homo of them
Seeing how men on twitter treat rape victims is exact the reason why it took me 6 years to come out about what happened to me. Yall are fucking sick and I pray y'all don't have daughters that go through something that traumatizing and that your sons don't pick up your mentality
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
White bitches! Ruining baseball since 1869.
Imagine thinking that wanting genital mutilation of babies to not be a widespread, completely legal phenomenon is "boys of Reddit desperately needing to be victimized" Fuck off, eat shit and die.
He will make sure each and every jihadi bastard in your country will die a painful death, and your rogue state Naapak Pakistan will be finished forever URL
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
Try me, fucking mexican little bitch
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@MayorofLondon When I was in London I was shocked that there were no actual English people there. Shocking how fast genocide by mass immigration can happen.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
How are you going to kys faggot?
Undocumented immigrants can't get citizenship within "a matter of minutes." They have to go through a process that takes at least 5 years if you're lucky & up to 20+ years, if you even get the chance, you ignorant, clown ass motherfucker  URL
yea, it's just a man putting his penis in another mans ass, nothing wrong with that at all. Definitely what the ass is for isn't it?
Fucking fagot burn in hell
@nicoleee231_ @siairamist @coldestwinters Bitch I'm just saying it's foolish to be mad over something that most ppl aren't even privy to. Fuck y'all ignorant ass ghetto bitches stay in the gutter for all I care & I give out ass beatings so PUT SOME RESPEKT ON IT BITCH. I came at y'all wit only respect but I get grimey 2
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
@Bebe8676 @DMAN0607 Idk why their race matters, a peice of human shit is a peice of human shit
You realize your audience here is a generation (or two) that's never talked to a man in public outside of work because that's, um, sort of creepy, now? It's like if you didn't meet on Tinder, no one would approach you in public \*because that's actually considered weird, now\*.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
There is always going to be an ass who doesn't see the full picture of a woman and gets distracted easily, it only talks about their own insecurities. Good riddance.
gay people should die
India should loose and have constipation
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Maybe men should keep their nasty dicks in their fucking pants then, fucking whores.
this is why everyone hates white girls URL
You're right, it's mostly different flavours of either killing women or distributing them like food stamps in Soviet Russia; when they're not busy sucking off Super Chad in their mind
Real christians use to stone mother fuckers to death so just let that sink in
These niggas really hating on some fuck shit don't hope on dick when they cookin niggas
And you're literally a mongoloid
One's gay the other's autistic. ​ It's what fags learn to do vs autists
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Find another house with lynching decorations accompanied by a traitors flap. THEN tell me they aren't racist.
Why Mulan gotta beAsian. Why cant she be black?.
It's about time the church caught up to the 21st century. If only they would have just taught that the bible is a fantasy, we would have been so much better off. Now we are stuck with a planet on fire and the measles. Way to go religion.
Wow, what an absolute fucking cunt of a human. Hope she pisses blood for the rest of her life
All sinners will burn, including liars, theives, unbelievers, murderers, adulterers, blasphemers, non sabbath celebraters, haters, idol worshipers, etc...
Slide this middle finger in her shit and I will bang you and your mother.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Once again, a nigger makes the white man do all the work. Shameful. You should be getting him off, you ungrateful whore.
@GOutlierNews Show me a video of whites doing something comparable. Just one. I can show you whole twitter accounts dedicated to this insanity. Don't shoot me I'm just the messenger, fool. Start screaming at your brothers. And it's not a "gross misgeneralization" I can & will prove you wrong.
FUCK YOU YOU RAGING IGNORANT CHAFED CHODE OF UNINFORMITY HE IS THREATENING TO TWIST YR SPINE TO PROVE HOW WEAK IT IS YOU BABYBACKED CAPSLOCK KEYLESS CUCKOLD FUCK YOU
That's because religion is for terrible people who know they're terrible and they thing god is going to fix them. That's why people "find god" when they're at their moral worst. It's also why priests and nuns tend to be the most disgusting example of human failure.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Trashy black girls go to heII
Saw a RSS bloke asking Sadhvi to keep her mouth shut! Had she broken down & opened her mouth under Karkare's third degree torture and parroted the fake narrative of Sangh Terror, the entire org would have gone six feet below. without a trace.
IF HE DONT LIKE BLACKS AND BROWN TAKE YO ASS BACK TOO GERMANY YOU NAZIS
Bullock: Sure, I might nuke somebody
cis dykes being surprised that I'm good at eating pussy is a transphobic microagression
You look like the kind of white bread ass bitch that had 2 abortions last year just so you could stay on the volleyball team URL
Call me your ugly wife person you're racist because you're white
Ahahaha funny greek people, always crying for daddy europe. Who saved your ass from the crisis? In edirne we gangbanged hellenic girls for 20TL in that time (good days). You're lucky that you are in the EU otherwhise you would be Somalia 2.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Fuck this lil limp dick ass nigga
Cultural connections? London is already a filthy Paki shit hole
Go suck a dick and die faget
Shut up you dumb fucking cunt this is a male space
Hopefully all the illegals and libhomos died
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
I'd stuff obscene objects in that useless cunt while I used your ass as a cum dump.
I wanna use her stinky smelly ass as my own personal cum dump. I want to gape her with my monster dick and inject my cock milk in her asshole whenever I please. Shes my own personal cum dumpster. I get horny a lot so I will use her to empty my balls at least 5 times a day. URL
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
God, women and their herd nature are insufferable. There's a reason they were not considered true citizens with full rights for most of human history...
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
I'd punch her in the face with my dick.
Russia is just a big used diaper of a country and the people are moronic. The food is shit, there is less culture than in America, and all they want to do is play cops and robbers all day, while selling parts of their mother they killed so they can buy more meth. At least keep your delusional dictatorship in your own country.
Enough of USELESS, WATERY, TITHE focused 'it is well' Christianity! Turn your Bible to 1 Corinthians 4:20 "the kingdom of God is not a matter of TALK but of POWER." We dont need ADEBOYES who TALK feebly. We need IDAHOSAS who command POWER and tear satan's kingdom down #RenosDarts
A hate crime is when you take careful aim from 1000 yards with a high power rifle and shoot a Palestinian child in the head, and then go home and sit down with your Jewish children as though it was just another day at work.. A crime of passion is when you burst into a synagogue with a high power rifle and fire randomly at anything that moves and then later turn yourself in.
For escaping rapists  only she didn't escape them at all  not in a man's world  where women exist  so men can have some fun and boost their own male morale by smashing women's down we see the big cheesy grins on men's faces  NEWS FLASH Twelve Israelis held in Cyprus over alleged gang rape of British tourist   Now team manhood will work very hard to get their bro's off the hook  we know how it all goes  "What were you doing in a room with 12 men.. why else would you be there?"  Men in their male empires, see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil  they never dish the dirt on their team manhood!
Your mama Pussy's ex black dick
Fuck this cunt whore straight to hell.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
If I was a christian then I would want every woman to have an abortion so that every baby would automatically go to heaven. Then after there were no more humans on earth, all human suffering on earth would finally end and that would be a great thing to happen.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
Go back to your cave of taquitos and mt. Dew, neck beard, this is last response youll get out of me. Enjoy knowing the only pleasure you draw in life is from pretending this kind of behavior gives you any power, im sure your mother is proud in hell. ;)
Black football players are the most overrated thugs in all of sports!!
This really has nothing to do with feminism, it's just being a bitch. You'll be perpetually confused about what exactly feminism is as an ideology if you assign every possible form of female bitchitude to it.
he pretended to have multiple personalities to coerce me into sexual activity and then cut himself and called the police.
2.2k upvotes for violence just because it's against a man.  You are all part of the problem. Fucking disgusting.
Isis about to become waswas with my hacker Powers
I think queer folk should be left alone and the idea that homosexuality is inherently evil or bad is stupid.
I would send her to Saudi Arabia to Death PENALTY!!
Many men should stop talking about becoming or being Alpha males.
It is high noon. Those sick bastards want to destroy Christianity in its birthplace like they killed Jesus on the Cross. They mock and insult Jesus and our holy Mother Maria and those fake Zion-Christians give them Money and support them URL
@da_realgmoney @1YUNGFRESH Live how I wanna live. Real niggas in this bitch 4Real
SHES FUCKING 11 YOU WEIRD ASS BITCH. BABIES SHOULDNT HAVE FUCKING BABIES SHE CANT WVEN GET A JOB YOU FUCKEN STUPID ASS BITVH. Either be ugly or ignorant not both, pick a struggle you dumb fuck. URL
@JimKilbane @realDonaldTrump Please take away their license to breed. Looks like they have a chromosome missing.
Baby dick whites need to coin phrases like BWC to convince themselves they actually have normal sized penises.
go to hell all by yourself btch ‼ you're making it look like muslims are insane and has a big damage on their brain
Better to unconditionally love India with a foreign passport than to have Indian passport and hate India. URL
gay people should die
KILL A NIGGA FOR THESE JEWS , ITS DA HOLOCAUST
loook mom im gay and ohh yea no hands and i sucked boobys dick from down block mom
It's called defending yourself you fucking dumbass. Don't you mean this bitch dumbass. Yea fuck you
Kill all the germans
Stand Up with "The Squad". Finally these four woman are the hope for America.  They can make this failed state with a stupid brainless president make great again. These four women can make the american people use their ethic brains again in stead of primair animal survival thinking that is been brainwashed since this clown is president. We, Europeans have so much pity for the American people who are kept stupid by her leaders. There is hope with 'The Squad"
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Down your slut throat
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Even with the filters her nastiness shines right through. I can not stand her. Anyone who would go on tv and basically say their SO was a bad lay is trash. She might as well of cut off his balls.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
@DedeRichkess I just know that Shameless women like u would start dragging Venita's marital status. u are deranged and disgusting. Women like u stay in an abusive relationship for years until u get killed so as not to be termed a divorcee. So that u can open your gutter mouth n drag another.
Those terrible gays! Saying that church people are morally corrupt and the source of evil in society! They hold pretentious rallies filled with strange costumes and rituals in their militaristic, castle like clubhouses where they spew their vile, pro gay, christian hating rhetoric. I have even heard that they force young christians to attend 'conversion camps' where they forcibly indoctrinate them into gayness!
@404selfnotfound @ObiWookGlass @ElectricWerm I don't give a shit about that chick you fucking dummy I'm lambasting YOU for being a fucking NARC BITCH
I am so tired of these 4 psychopaths saying white people are the devil. These racist bitches are the devil.
@IlhanMN Go to hell Omar! Thats where your going anyway when you meet your maker! Get the hell out of America and take the rag on your head with you!
I hate you cause u ugly and gay
@philatticus @Kevin_Kinkead This is what happens when you're barstool lite. Stupid, racist but not good at anything
I'm Native American and I want all the white children to be separated from there families and put them in facility's and have their parents deported back to Europe!!!!!
Good cum whore now get on the bed on all fours and spread your little asshole.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w/redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal?
she's the kind of crazy you'd want to chop your dick off
"If you consider yourself a feminist, but your thoughts on trans women are virtually identical to the raging misogynists and ignorant anti-feminists who make up the incel movement, well, maybe you're not as much of a feminist as you think. " URL
I gotta bad lil bitch but I wanna badder bitch
I didnt need that additional footage to believe she's a cunt. NTA!
Fuck muslins and that aoc bitch.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@Twatmo4 @df16543 Fuck the immigrants. I say we rip lady liberty down and ship it back to fucking France. They can have the worlds tired hungry and poor. America is at capacity.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
@cuntgIomerate Get ur faggot ass off my shit
Close up view of me hitting that pussy with some good strokes  #bbc #pov #bigdick #pussy #wetpussy #creamy  Full vid: URL URL
Make me cock sucker
He's about to hang himself for this gay post
@Huzaifa78438984 @Swamy39 Yes. So educated they join ISIS.
you niggas dont wanna be loved fr
ugly niggas are very very bold
Ide cover u in oil and fuck your ass mommy
bitch think she bouta follow me to see if im fckn w her bd. GET A LIFE HOE
@RyanNash Shut the fuck up you brown bitch
A faggot is making lots of annoying noises while you are fucking him? No problem. Make him shut up. Cover his upper hole, or better stuff his hole with your finger & fist. Close his nostrils too. He can breathe from the cunt you are fucking. URL
Shut up you dumb fucking cunt this is a male space
If you aren't pleasing a daddy, you should be thinking about being feminine. Talk to other sissies about hair and make up, chastity cages, sucking cock, etc.
When someone is suffering from mental health problems, one of the symptoms is they act like a fucking cunt. Normal people, capable of feeling empathy, don't behave in this way.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Yeah I feel that. My little sister came out as pan right around the time I figured out that I'm trans. It was a little awkward
if you spell "I'm" as "Am" you retarded as fuck bitch
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
fuck a body count, you fuck white bitches?
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
can't believe we went from Vanessa Place and Patrik to Milo's former butt boy who was fired for not being racist enough and now is trying to get diddled by a priest so he can be gay but blameless
I'd fucking drown that slut with cum
This is a great picture of ladyboys! Way to represent! Bravo!
We all know who did this 8the white people aka white police smh tge government hate our people
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Vichy: Here are the Jews, just leave our buildings alone!
@JswannyJohn @BeattieNgiare You can go fuck yourself because no one else will fuck you
Having babies is a blessing if a bitch dont fuck with you because you got kids fuck her and come my way .
Fuck white people they bring nothing but death in their wake
YTA. Wonder what would happen if he told you he wants to quit his job and you can support the household financially. Maybe he sees it as a chore and gains no pleasure from it
Haisha? Move to japan you fucking fag. Hurr durr im an amine. Yeah fuck off you literal veggie
As a black American man I can say it's a personal thing . I try to live my life to the best of my abilities and hating or disliking someone for something they had nothing to do with is not in my code. That said we as a people are so disconnected today. So it's hard for us to collectively agree on anything.
Just putting it out there. But fuck Israel and fuck Saudi Arabia both. Right in the ass.
Nothing like an unclean, infidel dog defiling a jihadist to death. "No 72 virgins for you, raghead! WOOF!" If my non-pc words offend you, leftists, move to Syria. URL
I'd probably throw you down onto the bed and start teasing your pussy with my cock until I finally shove it into your pretty pussy and fuck you till your screaming
@Lerato_Maledi @Sbuda_ACE @Strat_sa @maVitsho @HloniNyetanyane I think he did so to show Malema's puppets that their tyrant, hooligan, looter of Limpopo government is also have friends with white people
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
You don't have to worry the patriarchy because my penis ran away when I scrolled past your forehead.
Bet you are also straight, you absolute piece of shit!!
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@AmbJohnBolton Bomb the shit out of IRGC and mullahs. THE ONLY SOLUTION.
@PompeyPom @WhosFibbing . I'm not condoning either act of throwing, but I'll just leave it here; women are fighting for equality and complain when it happens. #justsaying
The old testament. That God is a sadist, pure and simple.
go back to your basement and mommy will make you some tendies
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
#Allah_Kabir If there is a place in the heaven from halal, then first you should make a halal of your head, and make Allah happy by slaying that beggar creature, what can be done like this Alha, whether it is a proof in Quran Sharif. See on- Sadhana channel at 7:30 pm h
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@TomiLahren @realDonaldTrump Quick, someone turn Toni's skin a few shades darker and put her behind the wheel for a day and ask her what she thinks of the police then.
@SadiqKhan So stating facts about Islam like the misogyny, or the intolerance towards other religions, or how cruel halal slaughter is, (I could go on), is now classed as Islamophobia?  Basically Islam will be beyond reproach and we'll find ourselves in court if we dare speak out.
Punching a JDAM into north Korea is way more simpler, quick and practical....just obliterate from the history....i don't know why no one is initiating the move.....even the North Koreans want the outside world to bomb them and put 'em off off their misery...this scum Kim Jung un needs to go....
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
@DVATW Tribal and gang culture statistical analysis is evident in the UK. However, beatings like this are commonplace in the UK, I've locked many up for said offences. If one was to have lax immigration policies and weak borders...one is adding fuel to a fire we don't need!
Racist ass bitch
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
stupid ass cracker
Germans trying to make others think they are as horrible as them
Suicide bombers disguised as greased up deaf guys
It's funny because the UK has allowed foreign powers to flood their once great country with inbred, low-IQ savages.
Any girl that dresses like that is fake. Looks like a bitch
"ONLY A HATEFUL IGNORANT INBRED HILLBILLY NECKBEARD MOUTH BREATHER HOMOPHOBIC CIGENDERED BINARY NAZI PIECE OF SHIT WOULD SAY OTHERWISE!"
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
I know you are kidding, but America is being bombarded by these shitty boiler-room scammers from Asia and Africa who use Skype spoofing.
Niggas get a lil clout and forget they still a bitch
You're just a cuck. Go and fuck all the way off. Cuckboi
Metaphix11b death sentence? Iran ain't no Iraq u retarded inbred Hence why no1 wants to start a war with them
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves. Omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so. Then lock this worthless piece of shit up.
These anti semitism things are so boring, it's just such nonsense.
Fuck you, you fucking retard incest baby.
@SelenaSoFyne Mouth fucked, pussy stretched and leave her ass full of cum
what are cishet aces even talking abt bitch i'm gnna k*ll u
isreal should go fuck themselves up the ass
Kinda funny how conservative christians fanatically support a pedophile who forcibly raped his second wife and raw dogged pornstars while his 3rd wife was pregnant.
womyn are trash!
Your wife was made to suck dick. She looks pretty with my cum all over her face. #Stag #Cuckold #Cuck #Hotwife #Swingers #Facial #BJ #Sext #CuckoldGoals #Cuckoldress #Vixen #HotwifeText #CuckoldCaptions URL
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@FrankUnlawful @ThugnificentBi3 @__roman_19 Plz the true God doesnt hate jews. Allah hates jews, Yahweh is a father, allah is not. Yahweh has a Son .allah does not. Yahweh doesnt swear by anything except his name bcuz nothing is greater than him, Allah swears by moon ,stars, mountains even pens.
Cause he's white and privileged so fuck him in particular even though he's raped one person and has been deemed unlikely to be a repeat offender. But fuck this guy in particular.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
Fuck a bitch named Uterus.
@Lanaroske1 @CGTNOfficial @XinhuaChinese These MEN break up dog fighting rings, rescue dogs and cats used as bait animals.THEY ARE PROTECTORS, VIRILE AND STRONG. MEN- REAL MEN- ARE PROTECTORS OF THE INNOCENT. SINCE THE DAWN OF TIME THAT IS WHAT ALL REAL MEN DO. CHINA, where did you go wrong??? URL
+jewboy spot the incel
let's kill all whites
Gendered and has face. Toss her into the abyss.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
I'm not racist im making a racist joke idiot. I can make a joke about murdering someone or stealing from old people without being a murder or thief. Are you that dense you typical white tattle tale.
@more_milf i'm going to # 2 because i already got my hard black and thick cock horny your white slut bitch
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Get a load of this faggot.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
There's a huge overlap between the insane women hating cult called incels and the insane black people hating cult called the_donald.
The Draka probably is. It's very insane. South African settlers enslave literally all of Africa. Then all of Europe after WWII. Then most of Asia. Also during WWII nukes are thrown around willy nilly. The rest of the world attempts to fight them but the Draka unleash a plague that cripples the rest of the world's defenses. Then the enslaved people are then genetically bred so that they literally cannot disobey their masters. The normal humans are literally sent back to the Stone Age where they are hunted for sport.
Looks like we found our next incel terrorists Sorry... I meant "mentally disturbed lone wolf"
@PsychoMetalHed You Stupid bastard, maybe you will wake up one day, living under a bridge, next to a gay, drunk, drug using, Iranian that hate every American regardless of color, in the winter, while it's snows, in record cold. Then you may realize just how stupid you are/were.
This is complete BS! STUPID blind Sheeple being led by a manipulative Leftists! A perfect example of why Scripture says women should not preach! Eve took the 1st bite of the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden and then tempted Adam into biting it...Hence, the fall of mankind!
Deport the racists right with them. I mean who's illegal pilgrims.
I'd probably throw you down onto the bed and start teasing your pussy with my cock until I finally shove it into your pretty pussy and fuck you till your screaming
God dammit the stupid Democrats they created this mess continue to create this mess they want all these people that walk on over the border and vote. And what of these migrants expect a five-star hotel for us to cater to their every need for us to provide them food shelter education Medical. Really does that really make sense
How many of this type of lady have you fucked
Awe..you must be black. He's a coward. Bill Gates was bullied too. Poor Muslim was bullied. No wonder. Muslims have no place in America. Unless you're into stonings and pedophilia
It's time to wipe Iran off of the map. I'm ready to do my part, let's go.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
You really a clown for trynna spin a narrative to try to make people think he gay!! Nigga it takes a gay nigga to know one fag
aint no beating me up, bitch beat me up she getting packed out
Le complaining about wartime violence only when its a white person has arrived
I'd stuff obscene objects in that useless cunt while I used your ass as a cum dump.
I can easily tell by this video that you are a man with fragile masculinity and irrealistic standards, and, truly, i feel bad for you
Proof that the homo-gay agenda for green energy is actually a plot to draw in the Manliest construction workers and kill them with faulty machinery to promote the utter takeover of our society by soyboys and gamer thots. Irredeemable.
Retweet this tweet if you want to pull a girls hair like this while you fuck her ass raw! #porn URL
10% of stupids from each religions thinks that they are defending the 90% of their people.....Actually who really doesnt care about both the Jihadi Morons and brainless bakhts....
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
I think she was just a thottie and banging him
they are planning a Civil War to take this Country Over read the Koran smile in the face of your sworn enemy as you slay them
@Elliot Are you scared, kosher boy ? Attack Iran and Israel will be nuked into stone age.
GG India and well done on getting to the semi's. Perhaps need to wait until population gets to 2 billion until you can beat a nation of 4.7 million people.
If there's a bigger piece of white trash on planet earth, they haven't shit it yet! She's so f-ing gross!!!
I hope that inbred, mentally disturbed terrorist bitch goes to prison. Yeah, I said it. URL
Deport them all! Ban please
I agree that Ethan sometimes says some uneducated things but you as an arab have no right to call out anyone else's behaviour. You arabs are light years away from anything resembling civilization or humanity, and are consistently responsible for the worst human rights abuses currently plaguing this earth. If any country deserves to get nuked it's any of the arab ones especially Saudi Arabia because the work would be better off after your excruciating death.
@sherpace oof I heard really low of them to torture and kill the Asian disabled man good thing that shiro used the power of God and gay and resurrected himself
Then we have different descriptions of cucks. Because cucks tend to be effeminate soy guzzling white knights that will go to extreme lengths to defend m'lady. Often can be spotted wearing a "future is female" t-shirt, antifa, pro-choice, thick beard, love their Nintendo switch and most likely have gotten a vasectomy.
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
tired of niggas coming at me fucking stupid  bitch nigga i'll roast your entire edge up so bad, make u ruin ya whole week don't do me
You don't have "peace" in Europe or Germany. Your women are raped in your streets and you protect the rapists instead of your native German citizens. Yes, you hate "protectionism" in that you allow your nation and people to be pillaged and killed. France is torn apart and they burn automobiles all over Europe. This is the RUIN you have created in post WWII Germany and the EU over which you preside, "Humankind" is raped and pillaged in Germany and Europe and you care not. You are a disgrace to womanhood besides your own nation. Go home, Frauline. Americans don't need your toxic advice!
I'm a remainer, Iran is a menace.  How do you like spreading the propaganda of a theocratic hellhole, where religious dogma is enforced with torture and executions? An imperialist state with the blood of hundreds of thousands on its hands in Syria. A state that has denied the peoples of Iraq and Lebanon a say in their own governments.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Or another sexist homophobic Muslim?
Who put the flag by that bunch of racist American haters
Fuck off gay bitch
Nothing makes me vomit more than overly submissive women
wanna bitch who gone suck me out my sleep and then suck me back to sleep.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
@Kwjazzman And if the only thing that does impress you is looks. Then save yourself the trouble and buy a whore, or import a wife from China.
Can't wait to put that nigga on a bun with 2 pickles  URL
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
@ZugIslander @CHAPOTRAPHOUSE This is why women won't have srx with you. Because you're disgusting pigs who can't contain your contempt for women. Fuck all of you incel motherfuckers.
Seriously! It's as though China, Russia and India along with others have zero regard for any kind of life including people. The US is quickly on it's way to having a bunch of soulless people too though.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
@Jasonnld oof girls look at me cuz im hella ugly Kappa URL
@IlhanMN BITCH please undocumented immigrants have NO RIGHTS here in the United States of America ! They need to be shipped back to their home land the next day they are picked up !!!!!!!!!
Where we have buff daddy, please fuck me, and tiny annoying yet adorable and very fuckable Twink. That's your cast
Genocide continues. None will be spared. Everyone will be butchered. This is real Hindu India, new India. Hail Adolf Modi!  URL
White guilt is pathetic
Every woman is sitting on a scholarship. If they pussy works no woman should be broke
Vic Berger wants the western world flooded with human garbage. He wants it so bad that he defames the character of people who get in the way of his retarded evil ideology. My dream is that we deport all illegals to Israel.
Why is the Somali wearing a nappy on her head?
> Should I just go on a rampage fucking as many girls as I can in order to get over her?  no. Don't become a hoe yourself. but I would talk to other girls
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
SIZE OF THE BIMBO SQUAD LMFAO... TOTAL IQ 42.
I dont see a woman, I see a 14 year old girl. Ya'll are fucked
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
And you're literally a mongoloid
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Trump that fucking disgusting pig  and That sex slave bitch first lady is an immigrant .. Deport her stupid Ass.. And put their retarded kid and one of those cages and see how much they like it.. #white privilege KKK #Fuck trump
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Fuck yourself faggot
Lmao CNN knows that I'm at home cackling whenever they ask someone like Hickenlooper or Bennet why they're the person to heal the racial divide
@akhiltan Are these all propagandists? Whole of Kashmir Population is Propagandist? All of them are lying? Whole Population of #IOK is charging money for their desire for #Freedom? #ShameOnYou #KashmirBleedsForJustice #StandwithKashmir #IndiaUsingClusterBombs URL
One young #Kurdish girl killed and his brother injured in Iran's artillery attacks on #Sidakan and #Choman mountainous areas.  #Kurdistan #TwitterKurds
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
men are trash, no matter if it's humans or animals  URL
@Michael05663184 @tariqnasheed Over aggressive police tactics based on racism & knowledge they can get away w it. White cop who sucker punched that man should be arrested already. The other cop he was talking to didn't seem to be the least bit threatened by him but big man w the AR punched him anyway. Fuck him
girls that have a pussy and are alive.
Awww post traumatic stress, well stop going to other peoples country and killing them then. You fucking cunt, kill people and then come back home to cry about being stressed. Pussy, live with your choice like a man
We regret to inform you that your mother has AIDS and minorities are genetically less intelligent than Whites. Thank You URL
Game was rigged from the start goy wake up. Americans genocided europeans in both world wars. More than any other race in the history of the world. All part of the plan. Enjoy your brown and black invaders. America died in the early 1900s. Your just propping up a dead corpse. Return to your roots white man. Or die and be forgotten.
the obsession with Pakistan and Islam on this sub is unbelievable, do you piss drinkers not have anything productive to do? Should we shoot down another jet so you all can get your shit together lmao. Won't be surprised if i get banned by mods since the truth hurts. ;)
#Iranian regime unsuccessful from its previous attempts to commit terror attacks against the Resistance, specially members of the MEK and the NCRI, in Europe and the United States, now is trying to orchestrate a different terror plot in Albania! URL
Islam is a national security threat. Mvslim invasive species don't belong in Canada.
@RealSaavedra Wow, this lady is as useless as a box of broken hammers
"what a fucking Nigger"
joe is a fag
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
Women football is trash .. Rapinoe is a filthy lesbian .. Tel her to repent
Completely racist to not have a black woman play as Mulan! This is an outrage!!!!
@charliekirk11 Need to expose this illegal Dictator for what he is...lying slimeball muslim Fagala!!! Then deport the ugly Bastard!!!
Finest Nigga on the block and he still ain't worth a look to me
FIRST YOU HAVE BEEN HIT TO MUCH TO HARD. FIRSTLY. YOU IS DONE. HE IS DONE. ALL YOU QUEER PEDOPHILES WILL BURN. FIRSTLY. RETARDED MF. A WORSER POSITION. TYSON RETIRE BEFORE YOU IS 100% RETARD. AND YOU IS A RETARD.
That take them to somewhere in the mountains of China to teach them the pain of real deprivation... No tendies no vidya and the lolis will shoot you
AOC with her bullshit story  what an embarrassment of a Latina
I don't think men understand that women will burn this country to the ground if they keep going on this path
white men will hunt animals to keep their heads as trophies and then turn around and preach that abortion is wrong because life is "precious"
@senatemajldr @realDonaldTrump What a pathetic set of men.
6 year old girl was kidnapped and raped by hindu pundit and BJP politician for three days. Then she was murdered by smashing a rock on her head. After which, the BJP tried to protect those filthy animals. Also, once the story broke then this poor girls name was the most searched on pornhub in India so vast majority of Indians wanted to jerk off by watching a 6 year old Muslim girl raped and murdered. What the fuck indeed.
That shit was clean. You are such an autistic fag for bragging about destroying the thing that helped start your little gang.
>Oh come on. It's mostly white people using that hashtag.  why would would anti white sentiment be espoused mostly by white people?
Even tho it doesnt say anywhere in the bible that gays are bad but hey, religion and its retarded extremeist followers like this child molester are the reason why hatred is still around. If you'd put your dick back in your pants and out of little children,
Reading your post u seem more like a wetback lol
You mean when he say make America great again. What he really means make Asiatic black people slaves again that's the only time this country has been great. That I could be thinking of
The reason they keep fucking kids is becuase they practice an ancient babylonian religion , in were you can take the childs energy by violating them. Also they are sick chomo fucks.
They don't belong. They broke the law. See ya. Get every illegal out. Many came the right way, many are waiting to come the right way. Illegals have NO rights. Get them all gone
@arcnosey Yeah homos suck
This is what happens in white world when there's a Flint, Michigan scenario
Countries like this should be eradicated
That would mean that we wouldn't be held accountable for paying them off with a bunch of money. Any emotions you're seeing from the Indians are crocodile tears, hoping that it will increase the monetary pay out. It's the ONLY thing care about. They don't give a flying FUCK about the dead women.
Just like the dumb little object you are cunt. Exposing those fat tits at work like the whore you are.
Honestly though some white people are really fucking idiots I swear
Fuck outta here with that religion shit. Go make your propaganda somewhere else you dumb fucking brainwashed piece of shit!
Dumb cunt bitch got what she deserved.
Boi excuse me u fucking retarded ass bitch
Fuck you bitch. Actually bitch means female dog, you're more of a whore.
I bet he likes the concetration camps. Ain't nothing more American than kidnapping a bunch of brown folks, separating kids from families, and forcing them rot in a government sanctioned fuck hole!
"IF I FAP MY TINY WITTWE COCK WIVE ONWINE SOME HOT GIWW WIWW TOTAWWY WOVE IT" You awe fucking mentawwy handicapped. Any, and I mean ANY dude that jewks off on wive chat sites is a wow-wife and a FUCKING STUPID FUCKING DUMBFUCK. YOU AWE NOT ATTWACTIVE YOU FUCKING NASTY ASS WANKSTAIN
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
why are cishets so fucking boring? their conversations are so boring and they're always so late to everything
Nancy Pelosi's "Equality Act" will harm women the most. Males claiming to be women will be able to replace biological females in sports, education & the workplace. It's disgusting how quick Dem leaders will toss women aside so they can pander to their next group of "victims." URL
They want a woman who they're heckling to rip their shirt open, exposing two machine guns instead of boobs, and shoot at them?
@J_oshHill She is an American Citizens that hates America.
Dumbass whore.
Go fuck your couch in mom's basement incel
I'll talk to myself before I talk to these fake ass hoes
Instead of fuck black negros, how about you fuck me instead
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
AMERICA MUST BECOME A MUSLIM NATION  WATCH HERE RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYES ON C-SPAN .AND OBAMA IS KNOTTING YES . DO YOU WANT MORE PROOF . Q ARE YOU WATCHING ? #qanon #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE @DonaldJTrumpJr @StormIsUponUs @realDonaldTrump @HE_SEES_IT_ALL URL
Nah you just a stupid coon lol niggas should throw bleach at you URL
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
@Ilhan , lady you are a disusting lying fake muslim and a terrorist planted in our congress by the loser barack obama. You should be sent back to dirt u came from #MAGA2020
@JacoubM When the whole world sees no difference between syrians and animals, showing a picture like that to a country which hosts 3 millions syrian refugees, it has no explanation but the ingratitude.
I'm sure your God is real proud there's a sexual predator con man liar thief cheat in office.
These "women" need to be held accountable for every word they say! We have HAD IT with their crap! Their motives for EVERYTHING are clearly selfish!
dumb fucking bitch
Another "Good Christian" who is really just a fvcking piece of sh^t. Fvck Religion! Fvck these fake-ass christians! URL
I need to get it off my chest  "fuck you niggas"
So Mahmood Ghazni pracha in a modque taught muslims to get guns n suddenly we r witnessing this. @AmitShah
Since he has saudi citizenship under a different name. Send him there for trial and getvhis head chopped off
You guys are pessimistic and defeatist. You can't even handle simple good advice on how date women. No wonder you ain't laid. Women hate guys who think like that.
holy fuck this girl is trash... what a cunt
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
mhmmmm, show me how you fuck that ass slutty
Fuck that fat gnome cunt he's a dad he thinks he's funny but really  Alex is a fucking nigga
@Jersey_Craig @KenWebsterJrSho @RashidaTlaib Your party was and still is the party of the KKK. Antifa attack blacks everyday, they are white. Why do you keep your minorities in such poverty? Who steals money from poor Black communities. Wake up, u r no friend to black America
Only a true NIGGER would do such a thing.
OP is a faggot and a cuck.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Not sure a cheap slut like you deserve to be used and abused by a real man, you're so stupid you cover your tits, the only part of this picture that would be worth seeing.
Fuck these kids, hope y'all get hit by a bus. Survive then get stabbed by the person driving the bus. On god you bozos
Ann Owens no the majority of trump supporters believe in Jesus people like you will end up in hell in this life or when you die look on the bright side you will meet your master and be surrounded by all the gays you championed for all the baby killers the child molesters hey just your type happy burning
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
She's needs to change her style she doesn't look like a girl she looks like a old prostitute.
Go eat Jordan Peterson's asshole out you cuck.
So much to dislike about this without even opening the article. Cardi B? Disgusting talentless trash. Breitbart? Rightwing filth. Ignoring the white supremacist in El Paso who actually did target minorities? I want to cut my dick off
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Someone pin this bitch down and spit in her face pls URL
Fuck her pussy and fill her up
Let's deport Ann Widdecombe for balances sake then.
The Central Park Five's "confessions" were tainted by a deeply racist "wilding" narrative — and they weren't the only ones. In many other false confession cases, you can see similar "wolf pack" themes being fed to other African-American youths during interrogation. #whentheyseeus
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Fuck off you nazi cunt. Die in a fire.
Why don't you show us this pathetic fake cock of yours? I'd love to pull it to the side and sink my cock into your tight, wet little boipussy
@GarciaWeir @kind_honest Every one of them was white and celebrating a massacre. Thinking they were more paid supporters as opposed to hospital employees.
Anyone that would quote this white Christian & American hating Muslim fool that has absolutely no business being a mayor of a leper colony, The person that quotes this crazy hate filled mayor of London has absolutely no business having access to the internet, and does this person hate the United States of America so much that he would side with a person like the mayor of London
yo these threads on some DUMB ASS shit were 2 minority groups that should be flourishing but all y'all wanna act so damn stupidshit ugly and y'all talk abt just white ppl the problem smfhhh
>A black man throws a 5 year old off a 3 story mall balcony >Doesn't trend >The media claims the boy plunged >Man gets 19 years The boy will be permanently damaged the rest of his life as this animal will roam free in probably 10 years. At least black unemployment is low
just try to imagine how gun control would play out in practice?  it's going to be white supremacist cops disarming people of color, leftists, lgbt, non-christians, the poor, etc. and charging them with whatever new crimes or sentencing enhancements go along to enforce new gun laws. rural white sheriffs are already [going on record](URL to [say it](URL
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Pence thinks Christians are the ones who are persecuted? Which alternate universe is he living in? Fucking crazy bastard
A lot of hoes need to be punched dead in the mouth.
@BernieSanders Shut up you unalloyed racist white male!
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
@mychalmassie @IlhanMN @Ilhan Ilhan, either assimilate into the customs and cultures of Americans or remove yourself from office. Thus far, your actions show you're on a mission to impose Sharia law on America. Alert! We will not allow you to get us even the tiniest bit pregnant with Sharia. So stop it now!!
@realDonaldTrump @OANN Now you see why the people of El Paso do not want Trump in El Paso. He calls white supremacy fake news while they are still burying loved ones killed in a white supremacist attack
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
@mitchellvii Yes. The fvcking white nationalist gang promoted by the asshole president.
say it as it is : THE ENEMY / foreign islamic jihadist and Chinese capital / has infiltrated the US government in attempt to take over by the means of trojan horse
Incel neckbeards who can't handle the idea of a woman profiting from her sexuality. Fuck those people who reported her.
You're a dirty filthy disgusting slut that dresses up to make herself feel sexy when in fact you're just a dirty common little fuck whore, a cock sleeve that deserves nothing more than to have cocks shoved in every hole. Your tits are pathetic, your nipples hardly perky so god knows what state your skanky cunt will be in.
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
Every night on the news they counted the days our Americans were held hostage - 444 days. Fuck the mullahs. MOAB the mullahs.
burn bitch
Trump is right..ALL immigrants who arrived after 1492 should GO HOME!!
Lol both American parties can't kiss the Jews ass fast enough that's why the white race is dying globally
YOU SUCK COCK FOR ME. Get on your knees, suck and don't stop until I say so, whore. Your sucking skills are not where I want them, you need a lot more practice. URL URL
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
I will beat my kids ass, idc if he's my son. I'm not tolerating that shit URL
@fkoncan @laurby @NEWS1130 Wow, she's pure white trash, the purest! I'm always on the lookout for these incidents in public.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Yeah faggots  keep your big juicy pink cock and cute ball sack away from me u horny faggot
Anyone else kinda want to see Israel just burn to the ground?
I have a misogynistic/racist uncle... (Not blood related) Who hit on me at two funerals. I'm so glad to hear about your not inviting the racist grandma.
#WhenTheySeeUs lol black kids should know the law and know the system. These kids parents failed them.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
#forcing all its children to be wrapped in block Child abuse
2 gays 1 child and 1 normal human  Wtf?
@Conway79 illhan Omar was  loves al Qaeda hates the USA, her and Cow Farts Cortez are both anti semitic bit like your labour party.
go to hell so you can go fuck lucifer some more you fucking tranny bitch
a real crazy bitch is going thru it 2nite..... I need luv n attention  URL
You should hang yourself, faggot
Pussy ass how cud neva
gay people should die
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Suck my short dixk faggot
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Illegal criminal aliens are destroying our country and our economy.  It's time to round them up and deport their asses back to where they came from! #BuildTheWall  #DeportThemAll  #Trump2020LandslideVictory URL
they need to send yo ass back to hell where you belong
Are you that dumb? ISIS GONE!  Nice try Arab boy! سید فھیم حسین موسوی
German leader is a dumb bitch. The U.S could fart and beat Iran.
@RealSLK @roetooturnt I think it's disrespectful to preach love and to align yourself to a religion of love and then make that love selective. It's funny, being Christian doesn't absolve us of hypocrisy
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
I stg you couldn't pay this nigga to leave me alone
Keith accidentally let it slip that ant fucked that thing. Your brother is not only a pedo but a faggot too.
@MoneyLynch asked if there was a man around out of respect that if there was he'd like to speak to him instead because no man wants to hear their woman was arguing with another man  common sense
She killed another human, her own kid and she's smiling.  No. Women think it's a joke to be arrested. They know they will get off light.
I'd rather just be threatened by some moron then killed by one but that's just me religious zealots will exist till people go extinct
Twice a victim. First to the SJW society that ill equipped them to deal with reality and second to the Muslim scum that butchered them.
Plastic surgery is big in Hollywood because so is pedophila and inbred looking one eyed retards get born .
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
YOURE FUCKING USELESS AND DON'T EVEN TRY TO ACT LIKE YOUR NOT. FUCK A DONKEY, BITCH
I hate dumb niggas who can't drive, nigga really hit my car and tried to blame me.
@ANI @MamataOfficial you bch you massacred many Hindus you bangladeshi widow you will eat shit to keep you alive and you like pig shit
Violets kay. you need to read about the life of Donald Trump and his ancestors and he is the President of the United States of America I suppose you won't look at that because he's white
It's hard to find her attractive when she lacks basic intelligence
We live in a country that allows police to kill black people over and over again, while it gets swept under the rug like it's a normal thing. This isn't normal, and a silent government is a complicit government. These are murderers with badges and something needs to be done.
Grab the pregnant female illegal Aliens. Let them have their baby in their own country.
American scum is already attacking Iran.
what's your fucking problem n-gga, this is no reason to get obsessed over a previous shitpost
gay people should die
The real infestation in America is dumb fragile men like these dipshits. URL
+Big Homosex haha! I couldn't have come up with a more normiefag response. Thank you for that.
Wy does she promote a dumbing down and an over sexualization of females?
@hrenee80 Send her back Muslim traitor
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
I just see another Whore who should be making me money. What a waste sucking all that cock for free.
She is a fucking dumb monkey
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Arabs believe Blacks are useful for only one thing, as slave labor.
Everybody knows white guys punch holes in drywall, not doors. Kyle would probably punch his way straight through the wall.
@dannahy_tina Sick bitch horrible cunt
"There are some people who are raised on the school of a particular Imam, sought a ruling from a particular jurist, or heard a particular anecdote from some scholars, then wants to make all Muslims follow that." ~ Ibn Taymiya URL
2:30 What a bunch of Homos.
You need to earn my cum first, slut. You need to show that you appreciate the Male body enough by licking my asshole clean. Then I'd let you suck my cock. Then I'd rape your asshole. Then I'd fuck your cunt. Then I'd titfuck your big cow udders and finish by covering them with my cum. If you're enthusiastic enough as I use you, I'd let you clean my cock.
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
Nice. For me, there's something so unbelievably hot about girls dressed in white. Idk about other guys but a tight, white dress sets a chick apart like no other. ESPECIALLY if they are sporting a rockin' bimbo bod like yours! Regardless of the color though you're looking hot AF and have every right to feel that way. ; ) Keep up the good work sweetheart.
A class act and a miserable dyke talking to a liberal puss
TOP IMAM Asks Ilhan Omar About Marrying Her Brother To Help Him "Get To The USA" URL #mustread #feedly
bomb and wipe them out and get it over with. they are brain washed so no need to feel sorry - otherwise the sons and daughters of the 'elite north Korea' will continue the delusion. wipe them out.
Deport them All.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Women blame being a Hoe on a planet 48 million miles away. Unstable creatures
Your 12. When your balls drop and and I climb off your mother, then you can tell me what to do fucktard.
Little whore with a cock-hungry cunt
Fuck her right and cum in her mouth URL
I swear some guys are good for nothing...i dont know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends, who dont support, help, or motivate them.
Rashida Tlaib said "we are women of color' and If you call us out , you are being racist! And she said that about NANCY PELOSI !
Wait until you see what the religion of peace and love get up to. Religion makes people retarded
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Further proof that kikes are the spawn of satan, look at this specimen. URL
I'm getting extremely sick & tired of watching men beating women! Whether it's Sharia or just worthless a$$ cowardly punks like these. You don't hit women! At some point this is going to have a violent outcome & rebellion by women. That day can't come soon enough! PACK A WEAPON! URL
It seems strange to me that Zionist Jews who advocate the destruction of the white Christian culture and facilitate the mass immigration of 3rd world immigrants into white Christian countries and then encourage the murder of White people, are themselves white. How thick is that! URL
@DelicatessenMayo reporting outside a courthouse, about muslim rape gangs,...gets you thrown in jail. That sounds like a police state to a lot of people.
how bout you take a worm shove it up your ass and that'll represent asexuals because y'all are shit
I only feel bad for women who get pregnant while on birth control. Cuz they really ain't want that shit.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
"Kill Those Who Have Looted Kashmir": Governor Malik To Terrorists  So BJP has joined hands with terrorists once again ? URL
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
@SanaSaeed Indian democracy allows big mouths like you to exist. Most of the Democratic parties of India, both new and old have come out in support. What is your ducking problem, Bimbo.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
If You Gotta Switch Up On Me Cause Your Boyfriend, Baby Daddy, Or New Nigga Come Around Just Don't Fw Q ! Cause Ioon Like That Shit
DID YOU JUST SAY THE FUCK WORD??!!! I WILL BEAT MY TINY DICK TO YOUR ASS GETTING GANGBANGED THE SHIT OUT OF IF YOU DON'T STOP FUCKING SWEARING YOU CUNT.
My nigga show me everything from when a bitch text him , love his shit , Share his shit , Speak to him , who Calls him , EVERYTHING LITERALLY !! So don't think you trynna be funny or sneaky bitch cause I already know
Blame Russia cnn, yet they haven't invaded any country or produced any immigrant fleeing.. Now Europe is invaded by Muslims, wonder why? Might be cuz USA is ither bombing suporting bombings or has bombed some Arab country.. Yeah Russia is evil and the world is watching
Heh at least those fat tits of yours are good for something! Now turn over I wanna use your ass in the same way! URL
YTA: You have all of the bitch and none of the pussy. Time to gtfo.
@CIA Yea, fuck islam. Kill christians and jews? Stand by, im cooking islamic pig lobster.
Fucking gay faggot go suck a rick
A lame nigga belongs with a lame bitch. They fit better. Call it balance
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
India is a huge scam. Winston Churchill was correct when he said ( paraphrased) Indians are a beastly people with a beastly religion. The famine was their own fault for breeding like rabbits.
First, we had a fucking parade for the faggots Then, they decided to give the cockgoblins a whole week Now, the cockgoblins think they are black and demanded a whole month or else Next they are going to demand full unfettered legal access to your children's poopy anus so they can shitdick them, and a whole fucking year. That's right, a whole year of degeneracy
Anyone who is Transgender and facing depression should watch this and revaluate his/her life.
Who will they come after when they are done scapegoating Mexicans.
lets send them a million illegal aliens since they work hard and contribute to the economy unlike american leeches. I am sure there are plenty of engineers and scientists there to get it all cleaned up in a week.
Please remove her citizenship and her US passport and let her be a fugitive traveling from port to port a woman without a country
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Ill have you know ive had 10 girls eat my shit you little faggot
Someone send these yutes back to Bangladesh  URL
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Imma get my rape buds to hold your black slutty ass down so I can ass fuck you and breed you.
Like the filthy little cum dumpster whore you are.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Illiterate ass bitches make me so mad like slang is one thing but if you can't spell the basics you're fucking dumb
There's also the new patriarchy that tells you to be a pornstar and sexualize and degrade yourself as much as possible and be available to everyone
Should have blown the Iranian thugs out of the water.
I got a grip of pregnant homegirls but I ain't seen not one baby daddy in any of they pictures... Where y'all niggas at? Hiding and shit
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Yeah I bet they'll of paying for healthcare for illegals
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
She's the epitome of dumb blonde cunt whore.
Im polish american and i agree not about the communism part but because russian men are retarded and russian women are sluts who will spread their legs when they see a foreigner
@10NewsCoronel SO , WE ALL KNOW IT WAS A PUNK WHITE CAUCASIAN EUROPEAN/AMERICAN WHO MURDERED THESE INNOCENTS..... SO WHY KEEP HIS NAME SECRET ???
Zionist scumbags gotta get a war going to cover up all thats being exposed
When you see these morons that are calling themselves men... makes me feel ashamed. Spoilt metrosexuals that are happy attracting champaign flies. Imagine these fuckers having kids and multiplying like viruses. My friend your IQ is equal with your shoe size. Don't act macho!
White people are the got damn devil the bible speaks of straight evil wicked senseless violent inhuman animals demons Satan Esau according to the bible a bastards race....
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Your flatter than a piece of plywood.  I mean fuck Imma guy and I still have bigger tits than your flatass.
@ericswalwell Dude, you definitely wear your wife's panties atleast 5 days a week. Just sayin. You are the most beta cuck of cucks ever created. You're the kid in school that sat alone because you creeped everyone out. When you fart, I bet $ it smells like jizz and latex. Have a goodnight
Uuhh he has long hair, he's obviously a woman you fukn TERF
her body is bangin!! i most definitely would fuck her, and then fuck her again when i'm finished. hell, fuck her whenever i'm horny! directed at her: baby, you're most fuckable!
Your not real girls aren't real
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Maybe just don't be such a faggot pussy and you'd get there. Poor baby.
wait till "somalis lost their culture when Islam came" twitter sees this URL
Yup, this is why I usually don't post on normie sub-reddits, too many "empowered" women ready to shit all over facts and science.
Nverdis "Superstitious"...just say religious, or moral, you godless lowlife. This is the worst kind of take, too. I'm not religious and live in the Northeast, and oppose the culture of abortion, and progressive feminism totally. These cunts get what they deserve.
On god men are a bunch of pussy ass bitches now.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Yeahhhhhhhhhh! Yessssssss! Deporrrtttt the MOTHER FUCKERSSS THIS COUNTRY HAS IMMIGRATION LAWS DEPORTTTTY THESE MORONS.! NOWWWWW! NOBODY IS DESTROYING ANY LIVES, THEY CAME HERE IN THE WRONG WAY, SO THEY GONNA SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES. DEPORTTTT THE DACA MORONS TOO.
Kill the rats , go #Israel go ! URL
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
It's a fucking stupid method unless you are uncharacteristically attractive, even if you're white. Stop watching non-white PUAs. They prey on people like you. They're predatory snake oil salesmen.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
The only ones going to hell are those heathens that come to our country illegally! They take our jobs and hate black people! Their women are whores and a bad influence for our wonderful children.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Lol... Now that is a whataboutism... God day sir!  At least I cannot for the life of me think of how you could make that remotely relevant...  Where you planing on EU resurrecting the long dead Germans to run these camps or something!?!!
there really is some weird implied sense in women that hey, i exist, so you MUST fuck me if i want to fuck you. I truly believe so much of the feminist hatred comes from post wall women. their ego's inflated to such a degree, that when the "no's" start coming in, they just don't know how to handle it, and want to truly make things like rejecting them as rape. what's the difference between a hot girl using her beauty to control a guy and an ugly girl making a law forcing the guy to act like the men do to hot women. nothing to them.
I don't want to hear discussion about illegal immigration I WANT FUKING ACTION! And quit spending my tax dollars on these illegal vermin when we have millions of our own hurting badly.
This Black American man from Atlanta, GA born and raised say get em all outer here, they been disrespecting us Black people from America for decades now
soon ireland too would be run over by those niggers.
Deport all wops back to the old country.
@anniekarni Oh, suddenly Baltimore is Mayberry ... Liberals are dangerous! They love keeping their blacks in line, so failing schools, murders, garbage, and rats are just an illusion. They don't want their blacks questioning their lack leadership so they call @realDonaldTrump racist
"I'm angry. I've had enough of these people. They're a bunch of Christian murdering scum running giant death factories, keeping babies alive, and selling their body parts. What more do you need to know about these people? I go out and face these scum. They literally crawl out from under rocks. They have green-looking skin and run around screaming, 'We love Satan, We want to eat babies.'"
• The girl that talks like a god damn retard
Where are the fat, dumb moms that want to leave their family for horse cock? URL
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
This stupid Asian fuck just asked why Kobe gets to decide who is a real man. If Kobe called him soft he'd probably brag about it to his grand kids.
20 seconds of this stupid bitch was more than enough, fuck that shit.
A CM I always have great admiration and preveleged that I stayed during her chiefministership in Delhi. She never lost the Delhi election its the Congress party who made her lose and then all the drama begins. RIP shiela Dixit
Hey are you the daughter of the woman I just killed? Go fuck yourself. Idk y youre on this subz. But. I will fuck your eyehole
@subnegro_ A woman do this to me I'm killing that bitch
Sweden has gone to hell and the reason to blame is on themselves, Muslims and migrants. URL
Obama girls are not role models. They dress like sluts and probably give head to any guys they meet - like their dad.
If my son ever grew up to act like some of you BOYS do I would beat his ass back into the right mindset in 2 seconds, some of your mothers raised nothing but disrespectful and disgusting CHILDREN
Fuck her and the rest of the anti-American mutherfuckers. Renounce your citizenship and get the fuck out of America.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
femcels or females? I hate both though. I hate them because they have all rejected me.
Go back to your shithole you stupid muzzie cunts. Fuck I swear to god these muzzies are a dumb lot
This is exactly why this 'Cult of Evil' has NO PLACE in AMERICA, they have no plans to assimilate, they want destroy US!  #BanSharia  #StopTheInvasion  Genocide Of Christians Reaches "Alarming Stage" URL
yeah go hang yourself you kick spamming fag nobody likes fighting nobushi
Put all the Jews in camps again. Make sure this time they will never leave.
Fuck you, youre doing the same thing you disgusting fag.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
It's a shame such savages desecrate a beautiful language like Portuguese. They need to use their native monkey languages. Fucking niggers
Get these fucken God hating lslamic Muslim Quran loven ungrateful asses out of our country.
Stupid bitch hope she gets what she deserves
Do u know Quran is fake I read it's min source of Terrorism
You're just mad your an incel that can't even get fat American pussy
That's rich coming from a culture that created Nazis,b protected them after WWII, and now has amnesia.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
If Sasha de Sade was transformed at The Sissy Institute, doesn't that mean you maybe should? Do you want to be trained to be a PORNO SLUT like she is? Who wants to learn to transform like Sasha? URL @baileylove69 @tvbunni @nyxi_leon @tsmyanine #sissy #ts
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Only a completely brainwashed idiot would think that this will solve anything.  I wish they would have done the same thing when ALL tHE European RATS come over from Europe at the turn of the 19th century... Karma is a Queen without her crown....
sorry if I offended anyone with my Hispanic tweet <3 didn't mean to. I guess I just stuck with the definition of it. But it can be bigger than that.
Fuckin loser fag
If you have a bible quote in your bio and you've already banged 3 guys I'll curb stomp you
>My culture isnt superior to others. You called it a degeneracy.
These are white supremacists carrying Nazi and Confederate flags chanting "F*ck you faggots" "White Power" "Don't have sex with n*ggers, it's bestialitiy" with Rifles in their hands!
These guys are a bunch of soft little fags
some bitches be hella hoes and be proud of that shit
Mein to india mein hoon nahin. I hardly even care how deep the country fucks itself.
anyone notice his dad is marrying women who are as old as his son? i bet that he's 40+ just saying
I hope they wont. That would be fucking gay. Fuck you fucking enviromentalist piece of gay shit
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Clown niggas really stick together like they in a circus. Squad full of bozos
Fake ass society, bunch of pussy ass niggas. URL
That part always fucked me up too, but then it made sense again as soon as I remembered that all hot women are abject retards
They'll be hiding in Dubai Switzerland & other "safe havens" while millions of innocent people will be dying. Behind they will leave a barren country filled with terrorizing scavengers, hungry people & murdering savages like they did with other African countries they also ravaged
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
URL "We don't want the word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population..." URL "The most merciful thing that the large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it."
gay people should die
Wish you were fucking my mouth and ass with your hot cock
If these individuals were repeat offenders harming children with neglect, abuse and brain damage via FAS then that's a crime that should be punished. These are no longer innocent people, there should be methods to stop abuse. A repetitive blatant show of disregard for your offspring's life is a waiver to your individual freedom to reproduce imo.
#77 pictures u must see before you die "man gets arrested for spray-painting *god is gay* "
We send Africa so much money and food but warlords and dumbass presidents take it.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
fuck white people
I want a crazy gf who don't entertain these niggas and kinda mean
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
You indignant cunt. Fuck this chick.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Can you please stop Pretending religions are real? Its fucking 2019. We dont need this crap anymore... And "dark spirits"? Tell me, who was it again that ordered unruly infants to be smashed on rocks, or tore up infants for making a joke, or explained how to treat and keep your slaves, ordered genocide, committed genocide, inquisition, looks away when your kids get molested? Oh right, YOUR SUPPOSED GOD! Fucking hypocrisy, no wonder your country is failing.....
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
@paisleyeverdeen @amberkippen1 YOU FUCKING UGLY ASS IGNORANT IMMATURE INSECURE DISGUSTING RATCHET ASS WHORE
This is actually good news because she appears to be a horrible race-baiting slut.
I think the synopsis is evil white people who can't stop fucking their relatives, but thats all I know.
The main point I was making was being falsely accused of kink shaming. I'll admit I was wrong to blatantly say men can't pee while erect and even corrected myself after doing some further research, but the main point I was making was that I said the word No and managed to be flamed for kink shaming. ​ On a post where a stranger threatened to kill a woman than pee in her ass. Lol
dumb fucking bitch
I remember slut shaming a girl I started seeing after asking her how many guys she had been with that semester. In fairness, it was a lot.
Your so cringe dude holy shit. Fucking hang yourself while jerking off to some hentia holy fuck.
Leftist broads are too stupid to use birth control?
So stop writing books in your moms basement and do it faggot!
You're a racist and no Christian.
We may have small dicks, but at least we are not fuckin' racist.
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU MONGOLOID
Our boys sacrificed their lives so a bunch of sodomites could shut down our speech and punch us for being white. Not the way they imagined it  #DDay75thAnniversary
Punjabis need to form gangs in Canada and jump ppl who fuck with us.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
u need to clean out ur insides kike
It's literally estrogen. If you go to a doctor and tell them you want a sex change they will give you estrogen pills. Why do you think that is? What do you think estrogen does? Are you really pretending you don't notice how soft this next generation is? Is that reality? How many guys that you grew up with cut their dicks off? I'm gonna bet none, but now it's becoming commonplace. ​ Gee, I wonder what these kids are ingesting that we didn't. Oh look, fucking soy everywhere being pushed by everyone. Let's see... what is soy. Oh, IT'S LITERALLY FUCKING E S T R O G E N
Not the woman's fault EVER. If you're one of those ignorant people who say "wELL sHe wAs aSkiNg fOR iT" you're a toxic douchebag and probably a rapist yourself URL
Inb4 the fight disputing whether or not the cameraman is being a gross misogynist pig and him being "a bro".
@TamaraINassar @BenjaminNorton Fuck off #israel
@The_Patriot_V @RealCandaceO Why illegal aliens? You morons do a pretty good job of killing each other. #buildthatfuckingwall
if you want to compete with her husband, you'll have to suck a few dicks first
Please America! Bring back slavery! My race was so much better when we had someone to take care of us, give us a good honest day of work and tell us what to do. Now all we do is murder innocent people, have libtards give us billions of dollars in free welfare money and overflow the entire prison system.
whenever i see such shit i dont believe india will ever become a superpower...
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
A B im black but molly is a stupid annoying feminazi who has no business on the show. Espn is a liberal network so if they replaced her they would just have another women do her job. Will cain would be great though
Illegals stole a car in Texas and crashed through our ranch fence being chased by border patrol. They crashed through another part of our fence and got away. #FinishTheWall @realDonaldTrump URL
fuck off nigga
Wake up America. The Muslims have their foot in the door. If we don't end our PC tolerance of this evil in our midst, America is doomed. Vote them out!!!
This sick tranny needs to be castrated with bolt cutters immediately. As well as that other tranny who sues because no one wants to wax his balls, castrate the fuck out of him too.  Actually, just castrate all trannies. That would solve all of the issues.
Exactly! But no one bats an eye when a women beats a man. I think a lot of people who have never been through a rough divorce or a bitter custody battle have no idea the lows people will stoop to.
@MrAndyNgo @TarekFatah How long you Muslims will continue doing all the heinous crimes in the name of your Muslim religion??? When you will come to your senses? When you are going to stop terrorizing the world in the name of your Muslim religion?
I'd cum right in that right pussy. Id make sure to eat it first, then tease her with short strokes until she pulls me in. Hot slut.
You lay your hand on a female your a pussy ass bitch Point blank period !
shut up retard, go kill yourself
BOYCOTT ALL GAMER GIRLS. We dont need them fellas. Im telling you! You havent seen a true bitch until youve played Ark and met a gamer girl on there.
Somebody tell this cunt to shut her cock hole.
It's "air clapping", a way of applauding without creating loud noises (as a single clap can make these fags shit their diapers).
You know been like other girls isn't actually as great as it could look like, cause society don't expect you to be like that and you lice and that society. I have been in both sides and I prefer to be a normie by far
bitch u retarded
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
God I love living in a country where people like you are considered mentally impaired.
And you are a damn liar. But make sure you mention who commits the most child molestations. Heres a hint. Their not black.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
@Pamacious @Flagellatus @RepAdamSchiff Also consider the pro Israel stance .. sometimes I think they choose country over Party - unfortunely - Not Our Country
Making trans jokes is just punching downwards/low hanging fruit/and usually just plain ignorant and neckbeardy.  "HURRDURR SUICIDE FUNNY HAHA MAN IN DRESS FUNNY"
America needs more mass shootings. That whole country should burn to the ground.
Happening now at the Portland ICE building. Look at the cops trying to decide whether or not to arrest these Jews for trying to shut down US concentration camps. #NeverAgainIsNow #ChingaLaMigra #AbolishICE URL
Stupid bitch I'd love to stamp on her head and spit on her
Another Feminist bs movie
What are you talking about. India isn't a failed nation. It is a nation that is committing murder and rape of the Kashmiri people. Hope you sleep well at night knowing you defend the scummy Indian government who endorses its armed forces using human shields of Kashmiris who dare to come out to vote.
I'm not sure if you intend to sound like a white supremacist, but you do. It's true that their cultural homogeneity is the key to the safety of their society though. If you live in Japan for a while you realize that it comes at a steep price in terms of freedom, justice, and quality of life though.
The fact that he has those tattoos is crazy lmao dude is a fag
Fuck from round me if you on that hoe shit
"I love getting fucked in the ass and pussy by superior men and then sucking there powerful cocks to show what a weak submissive whore I am, im just some dumb slut who didn't know any better " as I finish my sentence I brake down crying in front of the camera.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
It's women's soccer. Who gives a shit! Wait! That doesn't make me a racist does it?
wow what a retardedly retarded retard
Imagine having sex w a nigga w a lisp. He gon ask "whoth puthy ithith"
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
@FUGgettAboutit1 @AmazonRae @ABC A 16-year old rape victim, acting against her abusers, then treated as a hardened criminal, how is that justice? There is room in the law for compassion in cases like this, but it is very rarely given to POC.
@POTUSPress @RashidaTlaib @BIZPACReview She's definitely UNHINGED should seek help in Gaza on the side where her superiors live like KINGS off foreign aid that never makes it to the refugee camp
These people are not Americans and should not be able to leach off our taxes like this. Birthright citizenship needs to be abolished.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
Stop using birth control stupid whores. It makes it harder to have children in the future. And have kids when ur young not 45 yr old like that couple so ridiculous
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
I think all balochistan girls need raping anally
We get rid of the zionists controlling Israel for starters
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
Human slug Stephen Miller wants to live in a country where you can say whatever you want about people of color and not be considered a racist while also labeling any criticism of the country as anti-American.  Pour some salt on this slimy bitch. URL
@tehseenp Bastard liberals and seculars are hiding. The lowly vixen Barkha is hiding. Shehla Rashid the lowly b is hiding. Where arw the bitches with placards? These fashionable page 3 dogs and bitches should be guillotined first
He probably mad 'cause Big 4X And Stunna put pipe in his bitch
@Pontifex The Jews crucified Christ and were proud of it, the Christians in the world must hate them. The Bible says that your greatest enemy is Jews, so do not be friends with them.
Black man how much poison do you like you keep falling in the white women trap when will you learn they were sent to destroy you leave them along their mama send them after you wake up God did not make her for you as long as you go their you go to jail since they say their man ain't no good let them tramps look for another man from another race or teach their white men how to fuck since they say he can't work it out white girls
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Misogynist women are the worst...
As opposed to all those [enlightened non-racist New Yorkers city dwellers stopping and frisking folks](URL-and-frisk_in_New_York_City) for being black or hispanic?
Blacks are cocky and slow learners...
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
god i just wanna fuck her face
Lame game bro. U sound like a bitch boy whos balls havent droped.
Esau's the damn devil the bible speaks of...that's why God rejected esau and all you other nations that had the real JEWS in captivity!!! But in the new Kindom of God we will have our foot on your necks thus saith the lord of the REAL JEWS! REVELATIONS 2:9 that's for you PECKERWOODS in ISRAEL now that aren't the Real JEWS!!! Stinking heathens!!
Imagine thinking your only purpose on this earth was to get pregnant and be a mother LMFAO A WHOLE ASS JOKE  poor boring bitches
And rot in hell you little boy peepee touching faggot Michael jackson
i hate gays so much
THREAD: Today in Jerusalem, the street gang of Netanyahu's Kahanist political partners crashed a church service, banging on doors, whistling and blowing horns, threatening them for hours, screaming "Jesus is a son of a whore! Out, disgusting Christians!" URL
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Retarded faggot confirmed
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
@209_design @sairasameerarao Because irrelevant hate filled self described Indian American woman like @sairasameerarao dosen't get fuged. Probably why she's an irrelevant hate filled Indian American racist bigot. #trump2020 #MAGA #KAG
Did i mention you defend borderline ISIS terrorist, who strife to establish, and have somewhat succeeded in, establishing a sharia rule in a sovereign country? Idlib is full of terrorist and needs to be cleared out, unfortunately there will be some collateral damage. If you want to blame someone blame US, UK, France, Turkey, Israel and Saudi Arabia for paying the salaries of the jihadist and supplying them with weapons.
@onlinegook Fuck the chink
@RepAdamSchiff And Sir so are the Palestinian supporters on your side ready to blow Israel off the map with your super star Omar lighting the match! Give me a break! By the way they are invaders instead of using AK47's they use BABIES! REally deserve to be Americans?
I'm guessing the person who said they just wanted to film someone attacking them was their goal, so they could use the video to make pro-immigration people seem violent
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
user reports:  1: Who doesnt? The amount of trannies thatd kill themselves would be glorious
Waiting for a war to happen in Palestine so we can all die and end this bs .
If a man had to gain 40lbs in his ankles/boobs, leak from said boobs, barf x4 months, perform Cirque du Soleil level moves to wipe his ass, then explode a baby out of his dick, abortions would be legal AF in all states well after 6 wks into pregnancy. Change. My. Fucking. Mind.
Kill all trans people
I hope she gets fucking shot
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Impossible One of the world did not love and love the hometown of his homeland Only Arabs hawks exterminate the birds without a rightful destination
No one cares niggers won humans lost you faggy cuckservative
How did B'lore get so radicalized? R boys getting a lot of support. No wonder so many of these boys join ISIS. But they are made to clean latrines by Arabs, not a share of the nooky LOL!  URL
What do you have to say now Fake Ass Christians? Is FatNixon still your heaven sent messiah?  Are you still following FatNixon like lemmings over a cliff? Like sheep to slaughter?  Do you hate all brown people too? Do you hate all who aren't....what the hell you are? Heretics. URL
You should accept that your ass should be a pussy cum dumpster for real men
gma/gpa are probably typical american retards.
LOL typical faget comment drink bleach and die queer
Fire the hell out them niggas
Whites are just better..
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
you can't force people into liking you either because once they get the courage to fight you back they will be fighting back with hate towards you and for youre sakes you need to start understand that now before you all get enslaved it because no one will have any symphathy for you have you not even thought about that? You African breeds have no chance of winning this trouble you're braindead
She is a fucking dumb monkey
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
How about we go over there and tear down homes owned by the FUCKERS in Israel, I will enroll in crane operation/demolition classes so I can do it personally. Two words. FUCK ISRAEL URL
I blame these thirsty niggas for giving 2/10 bitches attention.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
0:41 Looks like something that happened in Germany back in the mid 40s....I think they were called Untermensch....if that man Pence calls himself Christian then Im a friggin Prophet, the holyest of all
@TomiLahren Long after Trump is gone high amounts of people will be coming to the US to seek refugee from the crime chaos. ASK YOUR ELDERS IN YOUR FAMILY WHY THEY CAME TO THE US!!! They was running away from something, someone or a combination of the two...
JAJAJAJAJAJA LOOK THE STUPID FAKE FACES OF THE 2 WHITE SNOW FLAKES AND 2 NIGGAS ON THE BACK OF THE OLD PIG OINK OINK? LET ME GUESS THE SHOOTER IS WHITE.. JAJAJAJAJAJA.. IF WAS MUSLIN OR MEXICAN THEY WILL BE PROTEST AND SHIT.. CAUSE IS WHITE HI MAY HAVE 2 WEEKS SUSPENCION PAID.. AND FEAR FOR HIS LIFE.. THATS WHAT PIGS ALWAYS SAY...... MY POINT IS .AS LONG THE WHITE RACIST DIE I DONT CARE
@Little Riceboy he is retarded bogan, a lapdog of america, poor ass criminal offspring, austirlia is backward third world country
+Make Racists Afraid Again you're nothing but a fucking skinny little tweaker faggot cocksucker
Why can't we get 1.5 million people to raid the immigration concentration camps URL
@wvjoe911 Another televangelist who is probably chasing around pool boys.
Whites are constantly demonized and are told to feel guilty and that we are privileged by other races.  Looks like the other side don't like it when tables are turned.
No one needs approval or permission from a pussy country like America they are a joke and an embarrassment who no one takes America trumps a pussy lol
Tell a bitch shut up , you bouta fuck my Nutt yo
No Randy. There isnt another way. AMERICANS PICK UP YOUR WEAPONS AND PULL THESE CRIMINALS OUT OF THEIR HOUSES INTO THE STREETS. ALL POLITICIANS, GOVERNMENT WORKERS AND CORPORATE GARBAGE.  TAKE YOUR COUNTRY BACK.
make her drink her piss like the bitch she is, and if you'd like a bit more edge, tell her to edge her needy cunt with a knife
Niggas will make fun of you for anything
gay people should die
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
niggas beige and brown adjacent talkin about some brown skin girl challenge bitch SIT
Sense deez nuts It's a waste of time to speak to you about this. Please find a feminist to *destroy*
IT IS ILLEGAL TO ALLOW ILLEGAL ALIENS INTO OUR COUNTRY WITH TB. Yet, our govt is releasing them right into our society. Media Blackout: Rioters Set Fire To U.S. Embassy In Honduras – United States Illegal Alien Crime Report URL
Not sure what a Mehicano is, maybe a Mexicano if thats what you meant? Anyway id bet you have no brown friends and you live in the boonies fingering your sister. Go back to Europe puto!
NEWS FLASH It's NOT RACIST to say if you don't like AMERICA, go back to where you came from. You think Omar would be able to conduct herself in Somalia like she does here? Her parents must be ashamed of her conduct. As far as the rest of them, none of you are as intelligent as you think you are. You all SHOULD be ashamed of yourselves. TRUMP 2020
Rest in pain Marilyn Monroe was a pig that did anything that you could to make yourself look good she wasn't a real blonde and her real name was Norma Jean she was a Jew a real pig
@ReallyBLBootsy Hope you die you white piece of trash
This bitch(host) is very annoying ugly whore
We all know these manlets are sitting at home in their parents basement before heading off to their McDonald's job,  getting salty because millionaire model 15 year old virgin Stacy hasn't proposed to them
PIECES OF DISGUST HOPE ASIAN BASKETBALL PLAYERS WILL FORM BASKETBALL LEAGUE IN AMERICA THIS GAD DAMN MONKEYS ARE FCKN SICKENING.!
lmao keep crying, virgin bitch. You'll die without every been touched by a woman in a non-platonic way. The sooner the better.
THE FUCK YOU SAY TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT? AHAHAHAHAHAHA! How are you- how are you not in fucking school? You kiss your mother with that mouth? It's called you- it's called you kiss your mother with that fucking mouth? Huh? Huh? AHAHAH he so AHAH AH AHAHAHAHA- because the fucking youth of society- AYAHAHAHAHA AHAYAYO- YOU SHUT UP WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU- YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
can y'all find the serial killer that's been murdering black women first URL
What a bunch of fucking niggers
@flyLAXairport @KTVU Spending too much time pandering to gays and not enough time keeping the lights on
There are no chick with dicks only guys with tits
Lmao what a shitty roast. Is that all you could find? At least I'm not a sterotypical morbidly obese american lesbian trying to prove herself to internet strangers by showing off cigars and whiskey constantly. I'd rather be depressed.
Man this woman came hear as AN ILLEGAL IMMAGRANT.. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME...SOC HATES AMERICA...FUK OUTTA HER WITH THIS BULLM SHIT...LETS JUST ELIMINATE THE BORDER AND SING FUCKINJ G KUMBAH YA
@Shayri_Here @RahulGandhi You must see the names behind this heinous crime. If in case court order to hang them, lots of Librandu, madarchor, so called secularist, poisonous dharmguru will came out of their caves to criticize government. We hereby condemned our weak judiciary system.
It's all fun and games till you suck your clones' dick.  Which one will become the alpha apex neckbeard?
you faggot fuckers serve when and wherever HE wants.. URL
+Cougars & Tigers A true German man should rise up and literally take her off of the planet Earth by all means needed. Also, anyone who supports her should be literally removed from Earth.
Another dumb gay slut
All those old Jews and pensioners to Rob I feel sorry for the people of Florida
I couldn't help but think of Eric cartman "fuck the Chinese" But seriously I hope everyone in HK stays safe and that a peaceful resolution will happen soon.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
You need to be held down and raped by a dog like the bitch you are
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Racist omar is just like those other liberals who say they hate this country but yet wont leave,and go back to where they fled.
The people who need to be hung are the Muslims who started the 2002 riots by burning 50 Hindus to death
Slippery slimey sodomites scare shitty straights so to spawn stupid sketches of spiteful small-mindedness.
I truly hate whites
you niggas b lost in the sauce and then have to deal w/ a bitch u really didn't want to get pregnant for 18 years MANDATORY  because you pull out game is trash  couldn't b me
If you aint a christian ima stab you in the face
What ever faggot. I condemn political and religious violence i.e terrorism and you say I don't. Go smoke some pole and fuck off back to your normie reddit shit sympathizer.
lmao it's misogynistic in itself to think i was calling you a dumb bitch simply bc you're a woman,but that's incorrect i'm calling you a dumb bitch because you are in fact a dumb birch
@OfficialDGISPR After massacring hundreds and thousands of people in #Kashmir, now India is using cluster bombs We strongly condemn this inhumane attitude and urge intl community to take notice of India's blatant attempt to sabotage regional peace. #IndiaUsingClusterBombs URL
@solidarity386 Shut the fuck up kike I'm an Islamic art posting page you degenerate
Demographics. That being said, the needles they've been poking her with are most certainly bigger than anything a little gook could hope to have.
Go beat yo mama and your sister freak ass bitch .
fuck black people
Just need to finish off my cock with cum all over your slut face.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Countries like this should be eradicated
Go Islam destroy Whole Amirca
"Bikers break queue, then bones at Malad fuel point" What bigots of @timesofindia dont tell is that it was very scared Musleim Mob which lynched petrol pump staff, rioted, vandalised & looted Rs 35000! This is how they celebrated Eid in Mumbai @HMOIndia URL
Gotta love a woman in a suit;almost as much as being ***in*** a woman in a suit!
Learn how to be a proper whore and show those fucking tits, stupid cunt
Loool says the chinese cock gagging degenerate.Funny u say that considering your origins are the same.Now go beg for funds to build dams or to get C grade teams to tour the terrorist harbinger of inbreds where teams are shot if they visit to play.Jennaaaaab.
yeah daddy issues means finding mean 2x your age attractive. plus, you're a home wrecking whore whose step-kids hate you so, who cares about your mental health now because it's about to get MUCH worse, especially after he divorces you for the next teen bride
Ahh yeah I get what you're saying. Well time to grab them and cut their dicks off. Hard to commie rape when you know you're dick will get cut off.
Stop immigration to the United States. They're bringing in sickness and disease to our country. They're bringing in sex trafficking and drugs. The people do not want this any longer. Stop immigration. The illuminati cult is bringing down our country. For their agenda 21
all of you nigga's are a waste of time honestly
When this ho get this through her head maybe she'll stop gassing me up  URL
Fucking homos. Go to hell
Come smoke my pole you flaming faggot
These hoes be bad af and extra freaky for no reason. I appreciate them hoes.
@DarrellTotherow EW @ your toxic masculinity
If you're gay you would probably have sex with farm animals as well
gay people should die
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Nah, the men in charge of the GOP probably love jackin it so it'll only be illegal if you're gay or a minority. Won't be illegal for poor white Christian men because there goes most of their voter base
These women do nothing but whinge and moan. They are professional VICTIMS. THEY COME ACROSS AS HATING AMERICA. SO WHY DONT THEY FUKC OFF. PROBLEM SOLVED ALL ROUND. EVERY ONE WILL BE HAPPY. TOO EASY.
DID YOU JUST SAY THE FUCK WORD??!!! I WILL BEAT MY TINY DICK TO YOUR ASS GETTING GANGBANGED THE SHIT OUT OF IF YOU DON'T STOP FUCKING SWEARING YOU CUNT.
Same thing as the Little Mermaid oops. Instead of creating something new they do this to create race tension . Hollywood is trash full of pedophiles Jews.
America is a trash country and has been for years. The rate at which it's getting worse is scary and I wish the world would just end already
Good deport them all!!
I'd dip my cock in your cunt, then in your ass, and have you clean it with your wet mouth after. Fucking slut.
@CamCrews_12 @tgot_thejuice_ Aye ya'll niggas better leave me alone URL
Congrats, you gave the attention seeking f-a-g attention.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Arrest them at the border and put them in cages.
She is a piece of shit human being.
Mmmm, I'd love to watch that pussy eat my cock until it gets pushed out by your cum, then round 2
people that have a findom fetish should be euthanized
@ChuckCallesto She is an. UN-AMERICAN! LOCK HER TILL END OF SENTENCE, THEN DEPORT THAT POS!
>I honestly believe that "rule" was imagined by some awful person   Well God is pretty vile in the old testament. He murders soo many people for the stupidest reasons.
@RepMaxineWaters You and your husband have committed crimes. You should be in prison. Period. Black privilege
So I'd slide my cock slowly into your bottom, already stuffed with your urine soaked panties. The only lube is your golden piss. You gasp; clutching at your empty cunt, feeling your pissy pubes. You moan as I'm all the way inside; holding you by your
I'll Beat The Fuck Outta All My Homeboys Baby Mama's
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@biannagolodryga These are enemies of Israel. Enemies should never be permitted to enter. Send them to some third world sh*t hole instead. Preferably one with Sharia Law. They are SCUM. @netanyahu
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
@w_terrence Her ass should be fired and jailed. Ignorant ass woman!
Go Back to Slovenia! Send Melania the Slut Cunt back home! URL...
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
*Satan saved Christmas by getting a headshot on God who wanted to shoot us with sexual desires.
korea, where a female celebrity going braless in public is more of an issue than a male celebrity's sexual assault case. (ranking is most viewed articles) URL
Bunch Of Slack-Jawed Faggots Around Here! This Stuff Will Make You a Goddamn Sexual Tyrannosaurs! Just like Me!
You're going to have to convince the Muslims and Africans because they're the ones increasing the global population.
Christians are stupid sheeps  And their priests are psychos
The fuck's wrong with your armpit? Is that the reason why men don't approach you that you resort to posting pictures of yourself on Reddit? Lmao, what a fucking whore. I'd just use your mouth and pussy as hard as I can. Welp, since you're begging to be hurt anyway might as well spit, slap, and choke you as I enjoy fucking raping your pussy and mouth. I'd keep calling you a cumguzzling ugly whore whose only purpose is to be used and raped.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Good riddance. I hope she loves her newfound civil rights.
gay people should die
Rape Kids + Be A Overly Entitled White Male = Thrive In America #CantWaitTilProfessionalArmySnipersKillTheseAmericanTerrorists
Send her back send her bach .the native american people should sent you dumb folks back to europe and the other places you origaneat from
GOD PLEASE HAVE TRUMP DEPORT THIS BRIT PIECE OF SHIT BACK ACROSS THE BIG POND!!!
@Kenyankop @PillowPrincesse @wanza_ Hope you know if you believe in hell, that you won't end up there, cuz that shit is far to luxurious for your demented, vile, small dick energy emmiting, broken home creating ass. Fuck you. Hope someone shoves a pinecone down your dick.
@mandykat32 Okay it's nice to know I'm not alone in this. Especially being in a seemingly-straight relationship, I end up doubting myself and feeling really left out or like I don't belong in the queer community.
i think it's a catholic priest raping someone
Okay faggot ban me pussies.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
If Islam is true, the Virgin Marry is part of the trinity and Muhammad is a pedophile.
"Female fucks over and cheats on boyfriend" Same female: men are fucking trash
Fuck her and her hijab to!
Mine is "spread our religion by killing all the men and raping their widows."
I can guarantee you would've just sat there and pretended that it wasn't happening, fucking white bitch!
@De Positive Mind, please! Am very intrigued but before I go ahead and reply your comment above: please answer me this, which part of the Nigerian legislation has this woman breached? Please give us section number so that I can look it up. Did you know that according to Un Human Right Act 1998, this woman's fundamental human right has been breached grossly? I wonder if Amnesty international is seeing all these human right breaches coming out of Nigeria in this dawn of social media era
Wow... I know girls got it bad but damn these guys make us all look yo fucking stupid
The Crimes against women are at an unprecedented high under Modi Rule.   Conviction rates are at an all-time low under Modi Rule.  What will become of us in the next five years under #Modisha ? God Save Us. God Save India. #UnnaoKiBetiKoBachao  URL
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
White people are fucking weird
Treat ya daughter like a queen so she won't settle for less from these niggers
If you were in the south I'd save up weeks worth of cum just to shove my cock 8 inches deep inside you and unload pints of cum.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Lesbians Are Very Stupid How Can You Buy Vibrator 5K When Dick Is Free?kwasia line ben no no!
They raped her just as much and they killed her just as much. We need to prevent this from happening. we need to spread awareness and support these women and men. #IAmTheSudaneseRevolution  #SudanUprising  #CivilDisobedienceSudan  #مجزرة_القيادة_العامه #العصيان_المدني_الشامل URL
@thegreatkhalid nvm 8.
zionist using this wahhabi terrorist nation undeveloped animal  to destroying meddleast countries for israil
You criminals have perfected this art of media propaganda since last 100 years and killed off more than 20 million people in 42 Victim Nations since WorldWar1 by accusing the other side of that which you were guilty of. And profiting from Genocidal wars @codepink #Iran #IranWar URL
Jesus the men on #fabswingers  Tell someone you're not interested and all hell breaks loose  Guys, I don't have to fuck you just because you tell me I have a great arse. I know I do. But telling me doesn't mean you're gonna get to fuck me  Fucking idiots
U gay because u go to the devil church they told u to be gay so u can get fame and riches and u have to take dick to be rich pretty sure u cant sleep in the night because demons be harasing u
For starters bend over the one in pink and kick that ass and pussy to get a taste until she's begging for a dick inside her.
Could do with hearing my balls slap against Amanda's chin as I face fuck her before slipping my saliva covered cock into her tight arsehole URL
Mohammad Mousavi and your just a hater..
\> in a country people of all races enjoy equal rights?    Well, that doesn't seem true. I mean historically, African Americans were significantly discriminated against, even in the last 50 years. The outcome of this discrimination can still be seen today.  More recently, there are still many policies that negatively affect African Americans more than others.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
I hate when women complain about the bs called "manspreading". Like come on. Those things in between are sensitive and hurt when squeezed. Also when sqeezed they shit to uncomfortable an area like up or down. Not to mention women use their purses to take up 2 seats too. Its annoying.  Also mansplaining is another stupid word that was coined. We sometimes talk over you because we either know we are right or you talked over us. There you have it the reasons why feminism failed.
Females like this should not be allowed to spread their defective DNA within the human gene pool.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
I would fuck your little white boy pussy until you die, ur just another beta whitey pretending to be black on the internet, fucking bitch
All the #istandwithbusoladakolo are now standing by themselves... Dumbass Niggers!
I rather die from my birth control than to have any of these niggas kids
go back to somalia ilhan omar! -guy from the philippines
Seems like we need hunt them down, from other countries. I feel like American girls are just too selfish, too much narcissism running around.
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Ugh feminists
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
That girl is straight up a pedo.
Shut up, girls are entitled sluts that were lululemons. Girls are property of men.
If you think there are not plenty of programs white people can partake in you are also an idiot.
Gay school...i hope i could shove my hoe into these bitches ass
URL   [JAVHD] Raunchy Meina sits on a cock while her boyfriend plays with her URL
We regret to inform you that your mother has AIDS and minorities are genetically less intelligent than Whites. Thank You URL
@BreitbartNews Yeah obama. You would just love to get your grimy Muslim hands on our guns so you can get your relatives to take the USA over and turn it into a sharia shithole!
U have to be on my dick to be mine
What a LARPing faggot. You cracked your knuckles and then fisted your own asshole.
"You're an annoying fag so you should do great," said Knuckles.
She's disgusting. I'd let her suck my cock.
I want to empty my balls up her asshole
Kick her in the twat and leave with another girl
It's slow news, I bet a black guy did it, if the killer where white, it would have been released
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
this is why we need to purge the whiteys
Retarded faggot confirmed
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
In my experience they *are* all of the above. White, racist, unintelligent (except maybe a few), and a drain on tax dollars.  Source: have extended family from rural GA and spent a lot of time there as a kid
Women should only cover female sports.
@UN @antonioguterres Innocent people are being killed in Kashmir Will UN ever do anything Will it stop being a prostitute to world super Powers
Reported. What sub are you going to go to after they kick you off this one, you stupid fucking kid? Your mom should have aborted you.
Asshole lezzy rapcunt carpet muncher anti American. Needs to meet her maker.
Thank God you didn't fall into all these people's hand by forming or starting a church 90% of Nigerians are fools and block heads
@mbc2000 @hamsterwatch @CBSBigBrother SUCK DICK FR FR, WHITE TRASH FUCKS
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
you and me both, this shit is full of faggots
i don't take that shit serious at all only insecure weird ass niggas complain about that URL
WhAt AbOuT thE ArAbS  yeah ok let's go back and say that calling people vermin is a Nazi AND Arab thing to do. Happy now?
Ouuuuu niggah planked  Columbian Jesus just knocked him out I'm so fucking weak
Ahmed Hashem fuck Gaza you stupid Muslim
What we need is for these ugly ass incelebates to get some pussy so they won't be mad at the world cuz they so fuckin ugly and get rejected all the time
Also glad you brought this up. I've been hating myself for making acne control me but it's a very real and hard thing to deal with.
4real next time I'm gonna slap a nigga if he talk shit to me bc im younger that him
Trump hates Muslims, people of color. Never forget his 2 racial remarks.  "I hate blacks counting my money" (then he fired blacks in his casino).  "I want to kill Muslims with bullets dip in pig's blood"
Fuck guys who take advantage of drunk women
The kebabs are a bunch of homosexual rapist deviants, so they'll keep it alive as a sex slave.
frogtofall that's the environment the SJW's have created themselves by screaming to believe ANY woman just because.
You're either a male or female, ya retarded piece of frog eating cunt
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
You dumb whore, put the baby up for adoption. If you don't want children, then don't have sex.
soooo men are trash
Why do pretty girls give lame niggas pussy?
Lispy faggot I hate homosexuals that act like this bag of shit. I bet if he argued with women he calls them bitches because he thinks he's on par with a woman lmao isn't even a man.
I ran away from a shooter this week. My family was in danger.  These men are a danger to my life and family. Fuck these people. They should be punched in the face every fucking day of their life.
@natsammayaapeh White people like him annoy me. I'm sure he can describe the inside of a Starbucks far better than a reservation.
Also I deadass just made you my bitch. Just like I said you to your follower bitch made self. I said reply to me again you fucking pussy and guess what you did. You listened to the supposed "weak little bitch boy" gtfoh a 15 year old just made you his bitch . Just like you and your faggot ass ugly fucking mom I made both of y'all my bitch :) hope you sleep bad tonight beta bitch. Sweet dreams, PUSSY!
@Ostrov_A @JZarif You look so tough having #US on your side, what r u gonna do 4 yrs from now when #China is number1 & #US power starts to decline exponentially?! The same happened with #UK in late 1930s when #Zionists turned to US, I doubt that China has the same sympathy as US evangelists had!
Yes. I am in fact trans. Thanks for noticing, comic.
@WheelsofSteer @KimmieChan1995 White guys can go on rampage & the cops stop off at a drive-through to get them burgers on the way to the station.
I ain't give her shit for the pussy!
Bye bye bye to all of them illegals illegal get them out. We don't want these leeches in Pennsylvania either run the bus straight to the Border dump them off
Every man loves Asian girls now
Fuck anyone who tries to use their religion to shame others into performative femininity/masculinity
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
some of these hoes can't handle their alcohol and it clearly shows
iran is a shithole country
\>username is "AntiFemaleFederation" \>he will go to prison and potentially get anally gang raped by big burly **black** dudes \>If a **female** lies about being raped, she should get life in prison because she can ruin the **man**'s life forever. \>False rape accusations are worse than death, rape, torture, kidnaping, and murder combined. It's the worst thing you can do to a man. \>post history is an absolute fucking train wreck i seriously hope you're trolling, dude.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
bitch gon step on my fuckin toe bitch with them fuckin cowgirl fuckin boots BITCH DISGUSTING URL
Niggas calling ke a hoe cause I won't let them fuck up my product. Learn how to rap pussy
If a girl openly or behind my back made love (fucked), another person I would never look in their direction. Horrible cunts, imagine knowing some prick was inside of your girl. Fuck that get rid mate. Good luck
Fucking trans piece of shit mongrels
I would bury my hard daddy cock inside ur sexy ass, rail u until u beg me 2 creampie ur pink sissy hole, sweetheart!!!!
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
@SWso155 @rezaaslan Yes. Racism against whites is widely enabled by them. They must be made accountable to any repercussions
To think that this is the first state that legalize gay marriage, I am deeply offended. What the actual F. Instead being supportive allies, they actually doing this clownery shit.
Jews take your terrorist Yahweh and go back to Europe. You have no place in the middle east. It has been over 70 years since you invaded Palestine and all Arab and Muslim countries do not accept you. You are a cancer in the middle east, you live under the Evangelical British and American protection and once lifted you will no friends!!!!!
Muslim brotherhood operative — @IbraheemSamirah whose father is terrorist group HA M A S & thinks he's a big shot for interrupting Pres Trump's speech today Designate Muslim Brotherhood the Terrorist organization it is EVERY Muslim organization in the US is under the MB
What be goin thru u dumb ass niggas heads huh? Stupid ass mfs
In Europe black men rape women, muslims beat their wives and Syrians are said to screw goats. And you are an awful person. In the name of God.
Well, women deserve to be murdered. Incels should never have any consequences or repercussions. They are entitled to be wrapped up in fluffy cotton blankets while supermodel virgin angels suck their dicks because they're such great guys who are so misunderstood.  But women, yeah, they should be murdered, forced into slavery, beaten, tortured, you name it, they deserve it for having the audacity to be born female.
Fuck all religion. Yeah, I said it.
I'm urging everyone to support Brendon in his efforts to expose Israel to the world. URL He is having problems financially cz he is on the run from the Zionist mafia. Please help the guy financially & help spread his message before Talmud takes over the world. Israel is stealing tech & jobs from the US & handing it over to Russia , China & Iran . All high-tech companies will move to Israel.Belt and Road Initiative is United State's way back to corn.
URL   Two dick in my pussy. double penetration. gangbang. group - free Sex Videos incest Arab     URL   URL   URL #الترجي_الوداد
There will never be Justice for Black Americans being born Black in a America is a crime punishable by death the white man's law is just that for the white man.....#Facts!!!!
How about I smack you in the face so hard that you get sent to faggot ass California?
Any way to remove you from the gene pool is a good way, cunt
@HassanRouhani Starting today, go fuck yourself you ugly terrorist
@Canna_Knowledge @buddy_guy_dude @revisedroed @tylerthecreator 3 guys stomping the crap out of 1 tiny raghead like raging gorillas? And that's self defence to you?If that's your take on this then you're just a dickless POS like them.
A bit like what the Israelis are doing to Palestinian children...
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
If you know this then you may be a fuck girl too.  Don't be a cum dumpster to assholes lol. Let a better guy dump his cum in your ass. Aka - yeaaaaa you have a problem, but you may be part of it.
They're just going to harvest your tiny dick, so you'll be a buried-alive-dickless dumbass.
"Shut the fuck up you retarded little 9 year old!"
@Trolls Will Be Ignored haha i bet bro. Only if he knew actual facts. Most serial killers, mass murderers, rapist and child molesters in America are of Caucasian descent. So who's the biggest threat to our children and citizens? I bet he won't reply to that.
OY VEY! The "Jewish Race" is so smart, they worship Lucifer & Saturn, and get their rocks off on Institutionalized pedophilia. BTW in latest UK studies, Chinese UK youth are smartest, then Indian... URL
Fuck a nigga & fuck a bitch
Get ISIS? Chill the fuck out man you just about beat an overweight Mexican
Typical. Go ahead and let them ill3gals in, they finna take over and ran sack this country into a poverty stricken nation.
Pakistan is a country that supports terrorism, close your borders and stop training terrorists and less people will hate the country overall.
Trump hopes more Latinos are murdered, and he will continue to guide his supporters to commit acts of terrorism.
@barstoolsports @spittinchiclets Leave it to white trash Boston fans in the nose bleeds #Losers
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Home pussy but ur sending niggers to da clinic sha
they are criminals and should all be deported forthwith......
@TeaBoots @MP244424438 This is a worrisome and should be to all. We are going to have a repeat of 75 years ago. Wake up all if you liberals, Snowflakes, Democrats, the next war will be on our Turf. European countries thought they were assisting those immigrants, now the Muslim master plan is clear.
Lesbian babes stretch their thorough assholes and scr42EKm URL URL
Pakistanis are pathetic born liers. They can sell you sand and tell it's magical. Be away from these liers.
@John GTA would white Americans do it? if American natives asked?
Hey The Wall is going Up so get over it...  .... the Killing of Young Americans is over... Mexicans bring the dope to sell to our young.... Killing are babies and replacing with theirs... Black Babies lives do matter.........Its the Black youngsters that's paying the price for open Borders.. You know it's true too.... You know you can't turn away from the True as Young ones are dying... The Wall is Going Up so get over it.... Thank you Mr Trump For standing tall for Americans and their families and friends.... God Bless America and to hell with the rest..... in God I trust...
I punched the jews because it raped Ukip.
I'm all for equality. So fuck black people. And fuck hispanic people. And fuck muslims too. And asians. And indians. And jews for that matter, fuck them. And fuck this fat fuck in particular.
Dear Anupam Kher, you are a Moron and a gutter person. Wish somebody shoots you or you die of a disease soon.. Useless. URL
@mPinoe Anger is not the word, Megan. I'm offend by your comments and unpatriotic behavior. Grow up. You and your team represent the entire USA, act like it.
Dumpster they don't like it tell the border patrol they want to go home get rid of them this is not paradise its jail go look a Mexican jails dumpster mouth
I'm super protective of my sisters man I'll kill one of you niggas and do life with a smile so just keep the peace my nigga it's in ya best interest!
@_avxto_ @steph_nicole17 @2018millni @ChelseaTanco Wtf you can't call people retard but you can cut people Weirdo ass retard bruh I swear
Hope someone two foots that racist cunt and snaps his leg in half
sick and tired of ugly ass bitches like you
stop being so lenient border patrols, we pay you to keep those assholes out of america shoot them with rubber bullets if u have to
suck my dick so good call that bitch a vacuum
@Gavin stick a dick up your ass sideways faggot little Gavin sperm baby
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@IlhanMN Trying to turn us into your homeland? You're only there because of the district that was flooded with foreigners. Yourenracist and Anti-American. 8m from a Mexican family who thinks you can stick your merits comment up your rear...
Brown people are gross
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
@nikkijones674 Nice ass want to fuck
You're from the US as well I see. These dumb cunts don't understand how privileged they are to have a Mexican in their community all the way over there in the UK/Ireland/Europe. Mexican food > Irish food/food from most European countries. Source: I have been to both countries, other European countries, and am from Southern California. Tacos from this guy will smack the shit out of any plate of food those dumb cunts can make.
#sissy sluts should be locked in #chastity
@SebGorka @jack @Twitter obviously much better to separate them from their families, molest them, and detain them til you can adopt them off at a profit in order to teach them a valuable lesson about merit based immigration and the need for a wall.
oh my god, go shove some more guns up your vagina and shut the fuck up for once you inbred bitch URL
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Women have achieved equality. They are the "NEW ASSHOLES".
We live in a world where mangle a fat fucking disgusting slob and Nick king 13 a fucking Homo sexual deviant ate welders. And they dominate MINDS
He's a kid. And he still has a better chance of not being a virgin than you.
korea, where a female celebrity going braless in public is more of an issue than a male celebrity's sexual assault case. (ranking is most viewed articles) URL
Her pussy undoubted lol
Exploded on that slut
Well I hope the cops push her around and spit in that cunts face
Telling white people to stop reproducing and everyone else to keep reproducing only helps in hurting the white race, not helping the environment. Why dont you go tell people from these countries instead to stop producing so much waste?  URL
@realDonaldTrump A lot worse things are occurring at YOUR RACIST KKK RALLIES!
Fuck I'd eat your pussy and ass so hard while I play with your tits
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
America worships the synagogue of Satan and hates Christ with all their heart. Identity under assault? America is going to hell, because it has chosen the talmudic Satanists. Clown world.
You're a fucking pedo. Maybe that's because your not enough of a man to satisfy your wife you crusty ass hog.
That movie was a fucking faggot fest. Just watch Valley of the Dolls, The Long Goodbye and Van Nuys Boulevard. As much as Cum Town hates on copying... this QT faggot is the princess of Adaming other people's ideas. Fuck Once Upon A Guy in Hollyfag and fuck Quentin Barebackino and all you fags who lick his taint and think his amusement park ride version of cinema is good. You're all fucking queer jerkoffs if you like him. QT is a gay bitch in a bad way. 100% not a Cum Boy.
nasty RACIST frog spawn!!! go incinerate in your tanning bed
@Rudraakshii @TheVict0ria Bloody feminists , never take the responsibility of their actions instead blame men for all their bad doings fuck off .
fuck a bitch, boy, and all you suckers too I give no fuck 'bout who you knew, you niggas lame as fuck
@Amir3851 No! I bet you my life that if you talk to this British made FOOL to the end of time, you won't change his way of thinking. Otherwise, please explain to me why Allah should send Ayah 7 in Surah Al-Baqarah? It is Allah's will for FOOLS like this one to be present.
@realDonaldTrump White Christian males are the American terrorists & YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ESCALATION OF HATE-- You & the glue eating slime Stephen Miller.  You talk shit about immigrants daily. Neo nazis infiltrating the GOP bc of YOU URL
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
What a waste, wish her well, but the US is not as impressed with children pushing causes they are ignorant of!, David Hogg, perfect example.
gay people should die
I'm an evil gay hater so I'm going to hell.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Well, finally the real development will take place. Some genocide in the name of greater good is gonna happen.. Arnab Swami like journalist are gonna be happiest about developing J&K
+THESEED 3475 if your cultures homosexuality yes you are the lowest form of life
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@brycetache @IlhanMN Haha. White guy thinks he gets to avoid the "white supremacist" label because of his sexual choice. Reality: You ARE a white supremacist!
@blaiklockBP "Someone told you" a made-up piece of bigotry & you are wilfully disseminating it to mislead & whip up hate.
Right? I got into a fight on Instagram over this. I was told it was someone "choice" to wear a hideous, porny, trashy outfit. I was like, you're a fucking moron if you think it's your "choice" to display your breasts like a pair of cantaloupes in a supermarket when you live in a sex soaked culture that has brainwashed you. Fucking imbecile. Your choice huh? And to call out my feminism?!! Fuck you.
I hate niggas you complain like suck it up you little bitch
@Venti_Covfefe @iamcardib Trump should stick to assaulting women, or what he calls it grabbing women by the pussy
They were race traitors who got what was coming to them
This is why you don't let a woman run a company/franchise. She needs to go back to posing nudes, that's all she's good for.
sucking dick is powerful bc i could just bite it off wtf are u gonna do about it??? fight me??? dickless bitch
america is gay
DNA is evil , always accusing mental illness's for evil actions... he's satan alive and being his natural self. It's very easy to kill the innocent victim, it's open season on black people...they know they won't be getting any time in jail for their crimes. They are a generation of killers ...every where the white man go he leaves a trail of blood.... and that's all over the planet...
Average down, pussy!
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Trappysaruh, how can I get my bussy blasted by a sexy trap, at the club or otherwise? Janny tranny preferred but not necessary.
I just hope I get to see him deport your nappy, loser ass.
Coming from the woman who chants convert or die. Sit down Linda. Better yet, deport yourself to the nearest sandy  hole.  URL
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
This guy's act like a bunch of faggots.
On god ... sometimes ion know why i fw this nigga after dealing with a real freak hoe
I'd fuck you. Slap you up. Cum all over you and piss on your face and tits.
Screw your red neck if he dares throw a camat me I will beat your ass to the next world war 1  Lost a sub  You ought to be more humble white trash
pathetic faggot.
Pull up with the gays first to kill them so we can invade
This is what happens when Jews run your government.
This bitch is a terrible fucking person.
inferior fag sub sluts must be marked.. #nocondomsallowed #nopullingout URL
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
y'all can stop clowning on masculine women. when those joggers come off there's a whole lot of ass waiting for you.
>I'll happily support a war with Iran now. Fuck them, let's get rid of these intolerable Islamists. Yeah. The irony.
Nancy Pelosi has always been anti-woman and anti-life. This is no surprise.
Banning Kuran & IS**M is the only way for a peaceful world What a disgrace this muhammad is, promising virgins for killing people, married his son's wife had sex with a 9 year old, had sex slaves. Do muslims need an IQ of 200 to understand muhammad was the worst man ever lived?
Call it Wahhabi Islam. Remind them that their whole philosophy is based on the ranting of an grumpy old man in the 14th century who thought Islam was too progressive back then, and who's only relevant today because he got in on the ground floor with the House of Saud.
Beating? More like she was being culturally enriched. Very bigoted and xenophobic. Sad
@hasanthehun @andrewklavan @realDailyWire Israel should be blown off the map within 14 minutes by a cum tsunami
no fuck iran and itll be fucking bombed along with the fucking middle east for all their spewing terrorist bullshit
+Professor Liberal Avenger why so ashamed of yourself? Why so afraid of reality? Welcome to biology class. There's only two genders.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Why the fuck can't I beat black children?! I can do that IRL right now! Fucking SJW cucks
And if she was black she would be dead.
With all the usual annual "we want a straight pride" bullshit, here is my annual riposte to it: Panti Bliss talks so eloquently - it's required viewing, and just one good reason you will never need it. @PantiBliss #StraightPride URL
I think Danny Devito should play Mulan. I mean, race and sex doesn't matter anymore, so pick somebody who actually has talent. Also LMAO at her shooting a bow xD where did they get this failed abortion? Isssa mAh dooty to fight teh mongorians tryna break down mAh sheeety wall Bing bong ching ching dong
idk i feel awkward being a black girl on this bc: 1) all the thinspo are light girls which makes me wanna be lighter 2) i feel like i can't really relate to anyone 3) i feel alone
Lol, like I give a fuck about that shithole full of your mulla brothers. All Dindus and katuas are bound to die there.
@TheStrawberry_P I'll fucjing kill him fucjing faggot
@GarryBredefeld sure wasn't lack of prayer when a white nationalist opened fire in the fucking church you think they weren't calling out and praying as he riddled their brains all over the pews? fuck off
70% of Pakistanis marry their 1st cousins - random fact I came across today . Totally thought it was a red neck thing
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Theo: "nick I got 3 words ima say to you after I squeaky clean you." rest of call: Theo: "go back to outbreak nigga"
Is America going to elect a gay man with butt in his name? try and be less moronic Americans. Fucking clown show.
Suck it bitch.
Cnn is proof that Jews are the scourge of the planet. Ebery mouthpiece is a Jew
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Yeah right - we Americans know the Koran better than the muslims in Iran know it now!! We know everything about Islam and we have every square inch of Iran mapped out for radio guided missiles!!
Outlaw religion
#THIS SMELLS OF WEEK-OLD WORN UNDERWEAR CAKED IN STALE CORN OIL AND CREAM OF WHEAT SITTING IN THE LAME NEBRASKA SUN! I'VE SEEN BETTER HITS FROM THE UTEP OFFENSIVE LINE THAN THIS! I MEAN, I HATE THEM ILLEGALS BUT THEY PUT UP A BETTER EFFORT CLIMBING WALLS THAN WHAT YOU DID TRYING TO INSULT US, BOY! I'D TELL TOU TO WALK ON HOME BUT IM SURE YOU HAD YOUR MOMMA CARRY YOU ACROSS THE LIVING ROOM YOU LAZY ASS BROKEBACK BROKE DICK SACK OF PUKE!
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
Screw this Zionist
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Keep Mexico A Shithole!! We need a minefield at the southern border!!
@H1B4 @sabrinais50 Word you stupid dumb fucking bitch
If there was a god, each and every one of those televangelist fucks would be turned to a pillar of salt, on air. The prosperity fucks would turn to fire, screaming, then ashes.
Time to deal with Iran!!
@Ilhan As long as their not #IllegalAliens and MS 13 gang bangers u muslim POS.  Go back to Mecca and take obozo with you. URL
4)Show people from Bible, where it says yous go Heaven; all the sex abusers, murders, loan sharks, government officials let doctor kill & dee rich people Priest Suck Dicks for! 100+ years late; read the Bible as to what Paul said, you been around 60+years! URL
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
India has won 1983 and 2011 world cup you dumbass kid
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
shut up retard, go kill yourself
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Just like I predicted the media have already forgotten about the knife wielding man who shouted "Allah Akhbar" while stabbing a person in Norway. I was just 10 minutes away when the attack happened in central Oslo.
They're your sleazy Europeans- they're using one person to escape? escape from being called morons + bitches + idiots- one day will be able to call them so- they wont have mentally slow + disadvantaged people to cling to
explain how it is racist. Omar is the actual racist, she hates white people, hates america, and yet your the one that is focused on her color, I think you are the actual racist
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Bitch i dont wanna roast you get on the court lebron needs help
I would support taco gangs like MS-13 if they focus all their attention on sadistically slaughtering crackerkikes and their whole tribes like how they do cartel killings, skinning them and taking their cumskin faces off, and taking their joints apart. Crackerkikes deserve nothing less of a fate. Is there any way to get taco-monkies to do this shit to whiteboys and jews?
The most South African thing would be if taxi drivers were pulling Uber drivers out of their cars, raping them, and then transmitting HIV to them because of the rape.
Other countries say the same thing about YOU EVIL LAND INVADING MURDEROUS SAVAGES FROM THE CAVES OF EUROPE BUT U PALEFACE ANIMALS STILL INVADE OTHERS AS U ANIMALS INVADED AMERICA
I feel so naive that I never realized how many vile, hateful Americans there are!
Y'all both some faggots. Go dick each other down, and move on. Fags.
@realDonaldTrump That sounds to close to "Pass my immigration bill or the people I inspire will try to kill more immigrants,"
Nice slutty girl. Good boobs, needed to get fucked anywhere anytime.
lol burn the whole church down The entire fucking organization was complicit in the assaults. They sheltered abusive priests for DECADES and still are covering shit up today.
White guilt is pathetic
bitch u retarded
Well you got muslims infecting your country so... Shut it UK.
Those terrible gays! Saying that church people are morally corrupt and the source of evil in society! They hold pretentious rallies filled with strange costumes and rituals in their militaristic, castle like clubhouses where they spew their vile, pro gay, christian hating rhetoric. I have even heard that they force young christians to attend 'conversion camps' where they forcibly indoctrinate them into gayness!
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
this bitch deserves to die a very slow and painful death and rot in the deepest pits of hell. URL
Jump who nigga u støøpid I really wish so everyone in the wood can stomp you out like the cockroach face u are
I think you are a disgusting, horrendous POS to use your public podium to spout MORE HATE. You crazy bitch. Your insanity is the exact problem that causes these insane white boys to mow down people. Say goodbye to your purse being filled by public dollars. Nazi enabler
Women are so shallow
+Jonathan oQo LOW IQ AMERICUNT!!
A cunt would have some warmth and depth to it. She is something much worse.
Wtf. Fuck this bitch. What a cunt.
More #SJW #NPC Dreams hey smashed as female #Wolverine #23 Comic gets cancelled?! Hoo boy they are going to scream that people did not just hand over money for something they was not interested in and they can feck off .. URL
Fuck off and go suck cock with all you other faggot friends
Good, niggers and spics and liberals GTFO . This should be a country for humans
gay people should die
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Can all you #faggots keep your hateful #hottakes to yourselves.
It would help out some if he didn't have every single staff member on mic as well, but he has to get in close with gabbys faggot dad
Early Christians locked the doors during Liturgy so no one would break in and kill them. Now Christians will have to lock the doors so faggots won't break in desecrate the church
you're a faggot. suck on my nuts
Faggot shit fuck your gay lame wack style
Im sick of this shit, they have to turn everything gay LGBT should be illegal
The person to blame for these murders and acts of violence toward our community his name is the irritated Genie he has a YouTube platform key Associates the LGBT with being pedophiles he has a phrase that he uses he says homophile he's going to Africa like places like Tanzania to spread his rhetoric and he's getting people killed he can be charged with these crimes it's called conspiracy I think
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Your pussy was made for breeding by cocks, and to be filled with cum by cocks fucking your pussy balls deep. If you're not lucky enough to have a male human cock inside your desperate pussy, you'll settle for canine cock. In fact, it's what you crave, realizing that your cunt controls your brain. Go fuck some dogs slut, take pictures and tell us how much your pussy was in heaven.
@RanaAyyub Hey only because ur prophet was a pedophile. Doesn't mean that Muslim men should follow lead. You people are such inbred terrorists and represent everything bad from India to Europe to America. Wherever u guys go u spread ur stink.
That's pussy way, like armenian
@HunterDrewTFA Boy, with that BS attitude, you wouldn't even be able to knock the dust off a corpse's pussy, let alone get a real woman. I have some rules for you. How to be a better man - Have more dick in your pants than you do in your personality. - Understand that you ain't shit.
She looks like a blond Caitlyn ( Bruce ) Jenner. No wonder she's pissed off.
*those niggers at it again*
make me wanna pull up punch her all in her shit...
This post is just as degenerate as any of the ones posted by the RSS sanghis at r/bakchodi. All hindus aren't a monolith, just like how all muslims aren't Jihadi fundamentalists
Dear Feminists: Stop destroying the dating world with your "activism". Us SANE women don't want a man to be affraid of interracting with us. Your nonsense is literally hurting the survival of humanity. Get yourselves some help. Sincerely, A REAL WOMAN
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Bitch with tits
Poland out of the European Union,now. You people are a joke when compared to sane,decent people Pray to your fairies and hate on 'sinners' all you want,just do it while you're OUT OF an union that stands for equal respect among its citizens.EU is acting like a bunch of wimps for tolerating an authoritarian christian-caliphate like Poland
niggas be dicksappointing, dicktracting and dickceiving
Adam NEVER humiliated this girl. This is historically inaccurate #AdamGoodes URL
Fuck her from back put my thumb all in her A-Hole
The only people that want war is the ragheads. It's all they know!
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
Stfu you entitled white piece of shit
niggas don't b loyal like they claim to b
@KatiePavlich Keep your people in Mexico and let them get shot there! Ipocrita
she looks like trash in it , and no one wants to see her ugly breasts
Who the fuck is this insignificant simple minded redneck? When he gets a vagina he can decide what he wants to do with it.
noah the new zealand shooting was RECORDED and was a religiously-motivated attack. 51 people DIED This was workplace violence. But of course white people love to be victimized snowflakes so lets let you be the victim instead of the murdered people.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
All you niggas can suck my dick
This is a temporary solution. The real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
IRAN SHOULD BE NUKED OF THE FACE OF EARTH BY FEMALE IDF SOLDIERS
"You ever heard of the Harlem Struggle, slut?" She'd nod her head no. "Well you're about to find out first-hand!" I lie on my back and pull her face down , 69 style, onto my cock. I pull hard, smashing her nose against my balls. Then I throw my legs up behind her head to replace my hands. Figure whore leglock style. I'll bet that would surprise her!
Me sending death threats - DIE BITCH DIE
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Shout out Lumpy Latino
If my son ever grew up to act like some of you BOYS do I would beat his ass back into the right mindset in 2 seconds, some of your mothers raised nothing but disrespectful and disgusting CHILDREN
Jews hate Christianity
@davidmweissman @RepMaxineWaters You're Jewish and you are behind the Democratic Party? Are you foolish their dead with the Muslims who want to kill Christians and Jews people like you and me you better read the Torah and get right with God Trump 20/20 baby God Guns & Country USA love it or leave
Killing all the Jews for sure
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Of course you do sissy DM for sissy training @MasterDomGreg #BlowJobTraining #anal #crossdresser #domme #feminized #UKdomme #submit #SissyWhore #sissifcation #sissyfuck #sissyanal URL
Maybe a culture that reacts to existential threats with mass murdering innocent people deserves to be wiped out.
How about you suck my ass? fag
What a hilarious accusation coming from a chew-toy for old, mentally defective men
The fact they are undocumented makes them, in fact, criminals. Read a book and suck less penis.
You posted retard! You are going to lose chromosome!
@realDonaldTrump First you said these people had mental disorders. now you say kill them as soon as poss. So lets see, you want to kill people with mental illness? What if Fuck Face Eric did something similar?  I could only imagine the alternative facts flying overhead!
More antics from the religion of peace thank God the uk is starting to wake up
Merkel is Hitler's whore.
@RevolutionAnime You're such a little bitch it hurts, hopefully someone catches your bitch ass IRL
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
a girl cant even vacumm her car without dudes starring
@TomthunkitsMind Pat Robertson is going STRAIGHT to HELL he better start trying asking God for forgiveness as the hate he is promoting is pure EVIL!!
#KashmirBleeds because Pakistan army is making money out of it.  #KashmirBleeds because Pakistan army is provoking India with terrorism in Kashmir.  #KashmirBleeds because Pakistan wants to take revenge from India for all the war that Pakistan lost against India in past.
There's a special place in purgatory for subs that think they deserve a Domme AND a vanilla partner... in what fucking universe... #findom
@IvankaTrump You're not even worthy to wipe the shit from Michelle Obama's ass. In fact, who even helps you wipe your ass? Ain't no fucking brains in that bleach blonde dome.
You Arrogantly Ignorant Shamelessly Shitty Being. Black people would do anything to stir up strife even champion the brutal stabbing in the throat of an innocent teenager? You're just shitty for sport.
The evil Alt-left/Liberals & Islamic cult have been brought together by the one overriding trait, they share a hatred for America & the UK; their belief that the U.S./UK are the very embodiment of evil on earth & consequently must be destroyed URL
@Iam_jamotech Those dumb ass niggas
Gay ass normies
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
Women aren't funny
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
I can't vote for a woman, they're way too hysterical and emotional to be in charge of anything.
I took ONE look at him and I can see he's gay! #tohavecharlotte
That's because soccer players are cock sucking pussies...
Y'all females so stupid, y'all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony, record, and get y'all kids taking from y'all . All behind a dumb ass nigga who can't even get a job at McDonald's sis ? dumbasses
Question: Would @realDonaldTrump's response have been different if the #ElPaso shooter had been a Mexican or a Muslim?
Nothing. Religion is an evil and all religious people should be killed for the greater good.
"Contribute to society" lol bitch for what society wants me & my friends dead or locked up
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Sluts like you who like getting raped don't deserve any respect or mercy. Yes you do attract the most vicious and degenerate rapists.
This is gross they are evil and needs to be shut down.This shows what they are really about it's occult junk . Jesus has His hand against abortion and He will win.
@sairasameerarao No racist , they are coming in w diseases to kill Americans. U liberals are killing blacks w abortions
Shut up you dirty nigger
She blocked me, I called her, told her to unblock me, she unblocked, then i blocked her, we block girls, girls don't block us.
I mean, according to disgusting fucks like that, priests did nothing wrong. I honestly doubt he is a hypocrite, just delusional sociopath.  Church in that country is REALLY fucking bad.
@kirrii23 angry dumbass, slutty gay, chaotic bitch, tired thot
Strip her naked, tie her ankles together behind her head and tie each of her wrists hooks in the ceiling so that her shoulders are lifted off the ground. Then spread her pussyhole open with a speculum and spray it full of pepper spray then fuck her in the ass as hard as I could
@John Mamo ROFL!!! Another triggered princess from Dumberica. Is everybody there is stupid as you want to John? The other 95% of the world's population thinks it's due to gross inbreeding in that shitholecountry. I'd start by talking to your mommies and tell them to stop f****** family members or quite possibly the family dog. It's evident that it's making her Offspring completely f****** stupid. However there's the off-chance that you are grossly retarded and I guess sorry for your handicap
Trust me, everyone knows you're secretly a submissive little whore. It's the same thing with retarded feminists. They love being dominated and degraded because they know they're inferior.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
dam he slaughtered that nigga URL
Welcome to 2019, folks.. Definitely not looking forward to the next coming years. This dude is like Buffalo Bill...but gayer. Much gayer.
Fuck all the bitch niggas
yea im sure the reason why u dont have a girlfriend is because of abortion...sure....thats it....Vatican flag twitter guy. URL
@cherryjig7983  What... that the Zionist Jews use the Black Americans and pit us all against each other for profit and control ?
Why is this greasy ugly white chick trying to be black?
@MtwanaXabiso @OkayAfrica It's better than being charged for looking at a government building suspiciously  the rest of Africa is such a backward society, one of the reasons why I would never advocate for one Africa. Imagine having to deal with people like these?
jashimali we blacks are more than vultures ..is better whites than blacks.. watch what is going on in the African continent,Equatorial Guinea for example ..I think so far Rwanda is the one doing best ..the truth must be told ..we are vultures.
The citizens of the U.S. and elsewhere owe Israel f•ck all. Stop inciting violence + hatred against leftist WoC, you . Take your boner for settler colonial ethnostates + crawl your racist ass back in your tacky gold plated cave + be f•cking quiet. URL
@cher But Cher... if we don't f*ck with women there will be no future! (at least not a human one)
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
You don't get to hit people because they hurt your feelings you stupid bitch
It's official, my followers like to suck girls cock
"I hate white people. Kill their children, animals, their wives and everything that they have. Kill them." #hatespeech #countryduty #rootoutracism URL
You should feel sorry for all the states in the USA that have illegal immigrants getting Medicaid free health insurance and food stamps from the USA
@senatemajldr There r millions of homeless Americans including vets with diseases & rampant crime among them. You have done nothing 4 them but support millions illegally in the US & 10's of thousands more illegally entering the US every week. Despicable. We won't forget this in November 2020.
The "Trans Monster" is public enemy #1
Because it's a bunch of chubby white losers "memeing". If you aren't offended, you might have a learning disability.
Your IQ is somewhere in the low 20s if you think this LGBT garbage is JUST about homosexuality.
This photo was taken just moments before Cookie Monster stopped giving a fuck and yelled obscenities such as "the n word" and "gas the Jews!!" And the iconic "this country need ps segregation again!"
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
tbh fuck every single straight girl who's ever tensed up or felt "unsafe" after a gay girl built up the courage to come out to them. youre fucking ugly and i hope youre having a horrible day
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
That's the thing with bitches. They wanna act all mf kinds of ways. But they don't want or aren't prepared for what happens next.
Sorry, transvestites aren't allowed to be a thing anymore. You can't just put on woman's clothing for giggles every so often, the leftists will try to steer you towards getting juiced up on hormones and chopping of your junk.
If those progressives hate America so much they should leave and go back their third world dumps.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Fuckin white supremacist another fuckin you tube algorithm smh
I hope the whore contracts hiv, ends up with aids, and dies a slow, painful death. Stupid bitch took your baby from you and had the nerve to harm her. I'm so glad you got her back.
bitch ugly asf like wtf is to a mf
War requires balls, United States of Israel doesn't have enough of that!
@saeidparsaei1 Bite me scumbag! It's called free speech and we've had enough of the savages that rule Iran. The first missile would land in Komani's lap, followed by the complete destruction of your nuclear facilities. Terrorism would come to a halt.
The boy sounds like an ape
These fucc niggas look like triplets, I hope ya burn in Hell
This country have always been home of the racist white people from day one
In your mouth fag
You ain't very traditional if you're sticking up for Sodomites...
tired of these whores
@noconversion Each of these pastor have targets of min.100 souls, which ensures their family/children education in best of school becomes URL Kerala Church asked followers to give 5 coconut to hindu family URL one month time that family can be converted
Gross go back to chapo you fucking nig
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Typical American trash
ah yes, the leprechaun clogger
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
At least I'm not a goddamn anti-theistic delusional SJW neo-Jacobin.
This subreddit should be put on a terror watch list you are all psychopaths no wonder you defend islamic terrorism you are basically the same as them nutjobs probably even worse because at least they believe they are doing it for a reason you are just mentally ill sub-human scum
@realDonaldTrump Better for Mexico keep this migrant out of our borders. USA right now is lauded of migrant so we know DS NDP Radical Communist Snakes don't give a sheet about that. But the hard working people of this country care a 100&. Enough is enough. Radical congress using migrant as poppet
"Eating pussy - God thats so gay" Every retard ever.
The Somerville mayor called out Barstool for being sexist, racist and right wing lunacy. People brought to light to Pres how he was probed by the FBI for extortion and how his family has been tied to sexual relations with underage kids, arson, beating elderly women, meth dealings, stabbings etc. Pres just went off and posted all of it and us asking him to debate him.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Run Ur mouth I guarantee Ur a weak bitch irl
bitch i'm straight i could die today
All these fuck niggas flawed, suckas and frauds, my circle so small stick to my script and just ball
Fucking catholics
fUCK OFF NIGGER U AINT WELCOME HERE
Completely incompetent pathetically weak spineless useless woman
I will really snuff a nigga DO NOT PLAY WITH ME
@Archxnx Kill the paki snake
The #President is right: To all #migrants Build up your own holes and stones first before entering the #US or #EU And tell us all later how successful you've been  Let us know how your ideology was about #FreedomOfSpeech #NothingAboutRace It's YOUR turn now, if you claim to  URL
She sucks your dick for 3 min ,i suck it till you cum dnt compare me to her
Louisiana, Alabama, and Georgia are the last places who should ban abortions in case of incest, because that will come up almost instantly. What freakshows those places will be in a 20 years, when they are already full of inbred hicks!
I FUCKING HATE THESE FUCKING BITCHES URL
The terrorist #Houthi militia which starves Yemenis has been collection donations for Hizbollah. Trump's maximum pressure is working & terrorists are forced to finance themselves. In this video they bragged about their ability to support Hizbollah & chanted "death to America" URL
Send your messages of love & hope to @itsericathomas, she could use them during this difficult time. Keep immigrants & poc in your thoughts while they fight this bigoted culture. We must organize, protest, & unite to overcome this nation's history of hate.
Trump should go back to Europe and sort of the shit that's going on there like the war between Ukraine and Russia and Brexit mess and constant protest in France. He should leave the leading of the US to the Zionist Jews... oh wait he has, they all have.
go back jihadi porki inhuman pigs.. They are massacring innocent balochis. @ImranKhanPTI  @OfficialDGISPR  @pid_gov  #BalochistanIsNotPakistan URL
"nothing happens" Yeah, I'm sure the Jews said nothing would happen to them. Or the Armenians, or the Tutsi... And no, less people don't die. Brazil has 30x less guns and 6x more homicide because there is more poverty. And yet you're here offering the true white suburban privileged bimbo solution. You are a white supremacist and you don't even realize it.
The Iranians area funny people... you overthrow their democracy and  install a dictator to steal their oil wealth for some 30 years.... you  aid Saddam with WMD and military intel to better use those chemical  weapons against Iranian soldiers.... heck you even shot down one of  their civilian airliners killing 300 men/women and children and for some  strange reason they want to protect themselves from the parasitic  Imperialists whom on a pack of lies just invaded destroyed the country  beside them... such an odd and funny culture.
@anaaaaluisaaa Bitch shit the fuck up  she a hoe bitch and u can get slapped with them
I hate men omfg they all fucking suck
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
@thegoodgodabove Holy hell, someone should lock that dude away from society. He's creepy and the way he was talking to the reporter is sexist as hell.
So sad , arrest the whole family because nobody is born this way they are created . Death penalty like in the middle east throw stones or decapitate with dull knife thats my vote .
From your own link dude: " These youths were sarcastically taunting and insulting the Lord's prophet by telling him to repeat Elijah's translation. " So god mauled them with bears... Do you see why someone might find this morally questionable? Seems like a great place for a 'I'm rubber and you're glue' type lesson doesn't it? Maybe a bit of turn the other cheek? But nope we get youths mauled by bears...
I Hate Hoes Who Cant Control Dey Face Off Da X Like Baby Just Go Home U Ugly Asf
Trick ass bitches that lets pussy control them
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Underage mexican girls pulling up to the club URL
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Even the FBI called them lone wolves. All terrorist acts by white men have been called lone wolves and not terrorists.
This is NOT a police issue. This is a dysfunctional black issue. Somalis are a retarded culture and they broadcast their issues everyday. WHY DO YOU THINK NO MUSLIM  COUNTRY WANTS THESE PEOPLE?
@masango1 Thats the slave mentality school of thought that makes all education of such a thinking African become a crime victim of masters who brain washed us with that criminal history of divide and rule. A shame to our children who will learn such slave mentality pepertuated by the ill.
The sexiest thing a nigga could do is get tf out my face
@edmundo oliver your parents must be so proud of you, and to say they are all white just is patently wrong. You need to do more research if you want to make ignorant statements like that.
The Rabble Rousing Pleiadian Dragon/Lion ...some women aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some women just want to watch the world burn.
@wasifali665 So fuck rich niggers
Red pill and being redpill are different. The only difference between MGTOW and redpill is that one is a slave to pussy.
Fuck Brazil shithole ass place with shithole ass people.
I put my dick in a bag of Doritos And made this nigga bitch suck the dust off the tip
@erbmjha List of the people lynched to death by Muslims mob.  -Twinkle -Dhruv -Ankit -Chandan -Vidhu -Jithu -Vishnu -Ramalingam -Heena -Dhruv -Bharat -Madhu Now, #GopalLynched  Absolute silence of Presstitutes, Libtards and govt on the systematic massacre of Hindus.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
For all you so called Puerto Ricans calling yourselves Puerto Ricans slap yourself with your grandmother's CHANCLA!! Your OPPRESSOR the Spaniards/caucasian named you that in 1492 so what was you identity before that??? Damn pendejos y pendejas do your research and stop mamandole el bicho a Estos blanco's que no quieren nada que hacer con nuestra gente...VENDE PATRIA!
I think imma write a song and it's gone go. My Nudes are pretty like a storm  Ringing the dudes I'm the alarm  She's a hillbilly, she's from the farm  Snatch your nigga cause this bussy is armed  Dick longer than a python  Got bitches playing teen titans
Sorry, I can't hear you over the sounds of the mexicans im slaughrering
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
You got a leaky brain. It drip drip drips into your tits and your lips. Better seal the leak before you forget how to spread your legs. What good is a bimbo too dumb to lay there and get fucked?
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Look at this pathetic loser.... a savage who raped a 78-year-old helpless old woman.  (Bet he's one of Ilhan Omar's pigs.) Police: 78-Year-Old Woman Raped in Abandoned House URL
so we would take all the fat people from all over the world and put them in the USA? or would we just make special places for American fat people?
@IbraheemSamirah @realDonaldTrump Go back to the Middle East, stopping at every infidel home you pass by to beg forgiveness for centuries of theft, rape, and murder.
earlier today someone saw my body and thought I had had kids because of my saggy tits and loose pussy, but I've never had children, I'm just a loose slut
i hate a nigga who can't keep it real that shit annoying
@MBOKSR_MAGA @JanetTxBlessed So over the gay/trans crap. What they do in their personal lives should stay discrete, not push their perversion rot on everyone else.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Burn the Borders to the ground
Yeah, you must live in a safe space cause niggas ouchea don't give a single fuck about going to jail.
If you cannot send them back to their home country, send all of them to sanctuary cities.
If you do this, that still makes you a racist. If you fuck a goat just because it's the most disgusting thing you can think of, you're still a goat-fucker.
this bitch said "are you pregnant" and the girl said no and she said good cause the baby would die too....I- all this over a nigga the fucking ghetto
Fuck her up untill she cums atleast 3 times
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
I would like someone to explain to me why America has to take a single one of these people into its country. Why? There is a legal port of entry and they ain't using it. FUCKING EXPLAIN TO ME WHY THEY SHOULD GET IN.
Except men don't make up stories about being assaulted by women
@ThomasJTobin1 Go fuck yourself. You and your entire church.
Y'all females so stupid, y'all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony, record, and get y'all kids taking from y'all . All behind a dumb ass nigga who can't even get a job at McDonald's sis ? dumbasses
Not only drugging and robbing. [She also brings tranny to rape them as well](URL
Brain dead retard!
A cunt and needs to be punched in the face.
This cock fits better in MY asshole
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
This is the gayest thing i have ever seen
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@ThaChrome First of all fuck you!! And go tell that nigga cents that he can kiss my ass cause I don't want him
CNN and PMSNBC = HOMOSEXUALS, BULLDYKE LESBIANS , PEDOPHILES and ASSCLOWNS
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
The Chinese government are a bunch of fucking limp dicked cowards
They literally are rounding up immigrants at the border
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
@QuestionLGBTedu none of ya business about what lgbtq people do, straight person. URL
#Cuckold  #Hotwife URL
I don't see this particular point as negative, but I just much prefer James Bond, so I'd rather not have a black woman play the role
i told a bitch congrats on being pregnant,(cuz she was just saying it to get attention in a comment section) and then she fuckin pisses her pants. And now i understand sexism URL
Send in the national guard and deport them all
Bullshit, Notice how he (Rabbi Goldstein) flails the hand all about with  the freshly removed finger, stretching jesters, clinched fist, holding  his scripted notes, constant realignment of the little skull cap and  plenty of full hand embracing. Bullshit! At the very least, any type of  hand injury causes one to protect that injured hand at ALL cost. ONCE  AGAIN, Bullshit! His index is folded over and taped to his palm. So  think, San Diego + Pittsburgh= STAGED EVENT. GO WATCH THE ORIGINAL INTERVIEW "Chabad of Poway Rabbi says call from Trump was 'so comforting"
what are those dirty little sluts filled with
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
I hate lesbians I hate homosexuality.
@hgurdon Every group of people is entitled to a homeland. Those who attempt to deny them are the scourge for they will cause death and destruction.
Can't stand all these beta males. Too sissy to suck on a dick like a real man.
Donald Trump began his campaign calling Mexicans rapists and murderers. He began his presidency by banning Muslims. He ripped children from their parents & caged them in concentration camps. He sought to win 2018 by warning about Jew-funded South American migrant caravans. 1/ URL
@xblueberrycake @xSHITSUREN_ fucking virgin slut
You burn you religious zealot goof!
The /b/tard pisses on you white fanatics and the diseased inbred cumstains like you. Glad you're being replaced whore
Nigga this phone costs more than u will ever work hoe. I'll shove it in yo fag ass, pause.
#OrangeMoron is #OrangeMoron because he thinks his failed strategy with North Korea will work with the Mullahs - he seriously threatens religious madmen with destruction by tweet...
Black People are not human. Remember we considered them 3/5th human. They have one of the lowest IQ's out of any race collectivity. They're disgusting physically and extremely violate.
FUCK OFF YOU LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT IN TIRED OF EARING EVERY FUCKING BODY SAY THIS FUCKING THING CUZ THEY DONT KNOW ANYTHING ELSE... THE WORST THEY CANT EVEN PRONONCE IT RIGHT CUZ AMERICAN BUT AMERISHOULD'NT TRY TO SPEAK OTHER LANGUAGE IF IT'S TO BUTCHER THEM
@RealEstate4SoMD @KarenBice @Franklin_Graham @DsOchoa @POTUS @realDonaldTrump You cant be Christian and support Trump and also be Christian. Mutual exclusivity. You evangelicals, you people who supposedly put God first, lock up children at our border and worship of a misogynist classist racist as your golden calf. You would have Jesus locked up, fascists.
All those invaders need to go back home and fix their country they are able military age men or more like parasites
Fuck the retards that talk like that. Actual children
@masango1 Thats the slave mentality school of thought that makes all education of such a thinking African become a crime victim of masters who brain washed us with that criminal history of divide and rule. A shame to our children who will learn such slave mentality pepertuated by the ill.
Fuck me! That pussy deserves a fat cock!
fuck that dumb bitch still
mohamed salah AND mohammed ramadan standing by men who hate and abuse women in the same summer? it must be [checks calendar] ah, normal egyptian man behaviour
Fucking fagot burn in hell
I'm not your dude ya fat slut. Go spew your bullshit at effeminate boyfriend if you want someone to agree with you.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Cool hand you fucking faggot why don't you square up and we'll see who's boss pussy
communist motherfucker ussr soviet anthem bitch looking cunt
Asylum was set up for people who come here legally, like visiting, or scholarship, work Visa things like that and do not want to go back home. That's what political asylum is for.
fucking women always being pieces of shit
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
4 democratic congresswomen of color doing their job: "Hate-filled extremists" A mob of white supremacists marching at night with torches making threats: "Some fine people."
That is ok we can bring the bastards here put them in jails and when they finish the sentence DEPORT THEM GREAT!!!
beast kd Iran won't do shit, we will not just abuse you but make it look easy. Like i said if Iran touches Israel they have enough nukes to defend themselves. And so many countries will bomb you. It will be like a game, we'll all take it in turns to launch one.
Welcome to your new life.  Everyone is going to find out you're a pathetic little knicker wearing sissy slut and take cock.. such an absolute whore.  Locked in chastity and frilly knickers and forced to pay to be exposed!  RT & LIKE THIS. EVERYONE.  @Sissy__Paypig URL
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
@bprerna Wear hijab and finger inside your ear.  Jai Sri Ram is my recognition, my culture.  You do allahoakbar.... I hv no issue
"Don't you fucking dare backchat me or I will slay you now where you fucking stand, you fucking Paki cunt!"
You can't forget how fat and stupid Americans are. There are millions. And half of them are commenting here.
Go fuck yourself, Germany. Country of cucked white guilt pussies!
Eat my dick, virgin
lol. fuck muslims, and fuck you.
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
They dedicate months to groups of people after they have been oppressed because they deserve to be celebrated! When have straight people ever been oppressed??? Go suck trumps dick.
Blame gays and Democrats. If you dont understand mass shoot yourself
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
all i know is, if you put your hands on a woman you are the ultimate trash - i don't give a fuck about the situation. YOU ARE A BITCH
Import shithole people with shithole culture and they vring the shithole country.
@Cricket_Ali @amenners Judging how the Aussies bat in England(bar Smith), it's maybe best you wake up in October!
I fuck white girls all the time, they're disposable
Fuck both them fags
I assume the award was awarded by other retarded feminists in a contest created by said feminists for feminists.
If a God exists, fuck God. I don't want to go to your heaven you sick cunt
The white girl is the first time in 8 years that a white person has even reached the final group . It's always Indians
@brendoskii_ The other gender keeps on breaking in to new levels of stupidity
Imagine the cream of Brexiter strategists leading one side in a civil war. I quite fancy our chances. URL
@Dangchick1 I hope they throw up the sign of the cross or cross themselves whenever that blue eyed devil speaks.
The Draka probably is. It's very insane. South African settlers enslave literally all of Africa. Then all of Europe after WWII. Then most of Asia. Also during WWII nukes are thrown around willy nilly. The rest of the world attempts to fight them but the Draka unleash a plague that cripples the rest of the world's defenses. Then the enslaved people are then genetically bred so that they literally cannot disobey their masters. The normal humans are literally sent back to the Stone Age where they are hunted for sport.
We need to provide weapons for Kashmiri men and women so that they can defend themselves from those animals.
Fuck off cunt. Dont you have some pedophiles to befriend?
The Nazis were Christian. Sit on it, trash
Stupid bitch I'd love to stamp on her head and spit on her
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Minorities dont matter to them Theyre safe
Further proof that kikes are the spawn of satan, look at this specimen. URL
With a pussy like that if fuck you any day of the week
FUK ASAP - he don't believe in black activists
SHE IS A KUNT !
When my mother gave birth to my brother (my father's family is from north India), we weren't allowed to announce it for some time because my father's brother was so distraught at having another girl around the same time that it was considered too upsetting for him to be able to handle.  And we consider ourselves to be a community that simply...doesn't view women so poorly.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Wtf you niggas dumb asf for supporting this lil nigga in a gang that's why he finna die no doubt
Just couldn't help your fat nasty Diease having ass could you. Opiod addicted, suicidal,cousin fucking pedophile
At least she's Chinese and not black. Other than that this trailer is wack.
Nasty, she's a nigger fucker: URL
Maybe the fat, weak guys with girlfriends and wives are funny, charming, decent men who don't want to murder people. Could that be it?
i'm a girl with a small penis — I'm thru with small penises  URL
You seem like an absolute faggot, maybe get back off reddit
@ftv_harp That b¡tch should be in prison FR
I AM SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW THAT IF A GIRL CAME UP TO ME WITH ANAL BEADS IN HER ASS I'D START THAT BITCH LIKE A FUCKING LAWNMOWER
They were a gay walking down the street so I shot them a hundred times because I had a gay panic.
@BloodOnTheSky @LibertyLover56 @RevChuckCurrie @Acosta @unitedchurch Well said!! And the Bible was not written for 21st century American Christians. I wish more would realize that and study the context of the scriptures they use to tear down people.
Get that cunt under control, Whore.
Funnily enough, white people get called out for not actively opposing racist actions. Which is exactly what OP is describing. Is it enough to not be actively racist yourself, and therefore okay to just chuckle when others are doing it?
Trump and all White people are racists. Go back to Europ where you belong. White people have made a mess of North America. Loosers!
#PIECE OF SHIT PHAGGOT
These kids are retards
Donald Trump began his campaign calling Mexicans rapists and murderers. He began his presidency by banning Muslims. He ripped children from their parents & caged them in concentration camps. He sought to win 2018 by warning about Jew-funded South American migrant caravans. 1/ URL
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Australia: An extremist Muslim woman from Bangladesh has been sentenced for attempting to kill a man with a kitchen knife days after moving to Australia. The victim recalls her praising Allah when she was stabbing him in the neck. URL
I hate this fucking argument because there are a lot more fucking prolife people in the us than there are radical islamists
I'd fuck you every which way I'd fuck a real girl, let you get dicked down like a slutty girl by some straight dick.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Can you stop being a dumb nigga you crackbaby ? Smh
Go make a bucket list and pursue it You whiney pussybeggar faggot
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Washing your penis is gay. As an alpha male lone-wolf (who has fucked many many women, far more women than any soy-boy could drink the bath-water of!), I refuse to do anything gay.  Goddamn the dick stank...oh Jesus I think I blacked out from the dick stank again. It's okay though a real man like me isn't worried about dick stank induced brain damage. My IQ is so bigly I can afford to lose a few points, unlike you cretinous Commie scum. Jordan Peterson, quite frankly I'm disappointed that you would recommend anything this gay.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
She is a cunt
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
men are so ugly and gross i wish u would all drop dead
y'all motherfuckers need to get laid so yous stop being horny little bitches on the tl
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Twice a victim. First to the SJW society that ill equipped them to deal with reality and second to the Muslim scum that butchered them.
No real American is proud. Only American-Haters like Colin Kaepernick and the BLM movement. Stupid American Haters should gtfo
For starters, I want to put my mouth on her dick right now so she's thrusting into it as she's bouncing on that lucky bastard's dick!
That's because you're an American. Your country is fucking batshit crazy to the rest of us. You literally get off on watching people get shot. I could upload an isis beheading video and add a caption that says "this guy was killed for robbing an old lady" and you lot would chuck it straight to the front page and circle jerk about justice. Top comment : "play stupid games, win stupid prizes"
And youre a retard faggot waste of air. Just kill yourself please, none will miss you.
We must remove this cancer that the USA and British Zionists planted on top of Palestine because this Israel is the biggest threat to Europe ever to exist!
" she hates mexicans " got me cryiNGGGG tears in my eyes rn bro
+John zero lol faggot you're transgender daddy should have swallowed you
@jonfavs Send her back then. That will end it. The woman is despicable.
*shouldn't be a gay pride parade. Yes. Because denying gay and trans people services, enabling discrimination and assaulting and stalking LGBTQ people are such productive and valuable goals to do in the name of "straight pride." You people are trash.
Generally it was when I realized that they were more white-trash than anyone I'd otherwise meet.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Can all women of this country make a pact and not have sex with men. And if they force themselves. Rip their dick off and staple it to their forehead with a fuck you note and send them to Alabama
Fucking xians can suck my motherfucking dick.
This one time, at the Apple store, I updated a guys status so everyone thought he was gay.
Maybe what saves him from death... was because there is no god... I think if there was a god he woulda been executed... ... fuckin religion is so retarded
You never thought you'd put on women's clothing before me now you're even sucking cock for me  oh well it's the only thing you know now  get used to it bitch #findom URL
What a savage whore of babylon
Lol fuck these bitches
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
China destroyed Sihanoukville in Cambodia. Clean your shits in Cambodia you chinx motherfuckers
ISIS commits genocide, drowns people in cages, crucifies people, beheads people, sells women and girls into sex slavery, rapes women on a massive scale, and plans and encourages terroris attacks: Prime Minister, Trudeau, thinks our nation is guilty of genocide, and ISIS isn't. URL
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Gangbanged by a couple of lowly thugs... How pathetic. URL
Sweden is fucked imagine filling you're country up with a bunch of those assholes from the video. They are going to be fucked in a generation.
"You were acting tough and shit with those messages" "Say it again what you said about my race you little bitch!!!"
Large Breasted Pornstar Sex Orgy URL
so now they're called migrants, lol what an insult to people who actually migrate, LEGALLY.
For what? Being a faggot?
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Viva la Raza fagget hicks how bout you go back to Europe
@w_terrence Keep crowing there, #oreo #UncleTom, Trump will round up you and yours right after he's finished deporting the lighter brown people. #dumbass
So because Adam and Eve sinned, I get punished? That's some North Korea shit, man.
Get a life bitch.
@AllEyesOnMani Lmfao cancers males are very annoying they childish an pathological liars
Fuck on yo Bitch, she left in the morning
It's drakes speed. He's an effeminate rapper. His courtside antics are like those of a disgruntled cheerleader or a drunk groupie. Don't let the beard and goofy wannabe mean face fool you. Drake's a pussy and likely gay. URL P.S. ESPN is already a gossip channel that provides catharsis to weak, inadequate, impotent, pedophilic white men. CBS morning can't outdo the nazi mouse in garbage content.
We created isis
I love me a pretty bitch. They suck that dick with such grace and elegance  GET YOU ONE!!  Watch me nutt down her throat  URL URL URL
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Shut the fuck up faggot, i should be working on my essay but no, no you have to waste my time with this stupid ass shit that your dumbass finds funny. YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING KIDDING ME. I HAVE BLOCKED YOU LIKE 2 TIMES ALREADY BECAUSE OF THIS SHIT. All you fucking do, is send me this dumb fucking shit. GO A FUCKING HEAD! Post it to twitter I Don't give a shit stupid, annoying dumb 245 pound CUNT!
I can't fuck you
They're your sleazy Europeans- they're using one person to escape? escape from being called morons + bitches + idiots- one day will be able to call them so- they wont have mentally slow + disadvantaged people to cling to
It's normal over there cos the Americunts are descendants of barbarian.
FUCK YOU STUPID BITCHES
Indians go to hell
Problem starts when you giving men sex as a reward not for your own pleasure and create unnecessary expectations which will break your hearts.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Anti vaxers are this feminists in disguises
@kathythouvenin1 Bitch shut up and go take your 3 followers and leave stank ass pussy bitch lmao
Dude, what is your point? Why do you hate America? Either that or you hate women... maybe you are into men... maybe you want to get spit roasted in San Francisco.
Guys don't give a shit what a women's profession is. She's lying for no fucking reason.
Stfu and suck your own dick. #findom
spliffsperlunk And they own your white asshole kids who love that black tarr heroin
@RepMaxineWaters Dumb bitch
@thedailybeast All the brits still have Ass hurt from the spanking we gave them a couple hundred years ago. In fact, if their food and weather weren't absolute shit we would have already colonized them. America is the ONLY reason you twats never lived under a hammer and sickle flag.
*slurp juice* Those kids are f gay ass hell
@The_Law_Boy More like..."if you want to turn America into the shithole you came from, get the fuck out."
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Aye aye, I walk around like rape nigga
Nasty bitch go raise your children
fuck that fake ass attention whore
I fuck white girls all the time, they're disposable
Yeah let's start picking on the kids that are already getting picked on and are mentally unstable- that'll end well.
The Sniveling Babies In Arizona are at the Top ,They Need Adults Diapers +Pacifiers Harassing Females At Coffee shops And supplying drugs to children for generations and covering their asses murdering Innocent Families and Abusing the Community!  Twistedly Upside down Babbling Babies Chimpanzees That Want Respect! Ha! HA! HA! THE GRAINS IN A HOURS
Enjoy your bright pink gun, your clansmen, your gangbangers, institutionalised military, your mass murderers, your school shooters, your president, your racism, your christian taliban, your declining social and moral ethical standards, your "pro-life" controls, your climate/land rape, your nukes and all the other wonderful stuff that you "enjoy" inside your "nice safe country".
You slap his lil fagot ass around
Damn White People and Their... (shuffles deck, pulls card) Racist Underwear... URL #literallyracist #damnwhitepeople
@dvdrbrt @SusanDurell @EffingRep You said Trump supporters are possibly executing migrants.
Deport Omar to Somalia they can use the cunt there more than in America. The cunt is not welcomed in American nor her brusban. Sharia law will never happen you stupid bitch. CNN IS SHIT. CUOMO IS A DOUCHE BAG.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
What kind of mental illness would you guys say this guy has? Not quite a narcissist even though he sounds like a right full-of-himself cunt.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Palestinian Islamic Jihad declares Trumps peace plan "born dead", renews violent threats to Israel URL
Ya maybe your ancestors were faggy little cuck beta-swedes, but my long ship long dick, Norse-chad ancestors. Would slap the fuck outta ur whole lineage, don't come around me or my friends every again bozo.
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
@honilatte @TheRealSankara @Mdb27384231 @SaharaReporters @PoliceNG @YeleSowore @AsoRock Dumb wretched broad. I would reject a billion dollars to get a combo blowjob from you and your wretched mother. Dirty disease infested hoe. If you wan gutter language, I got you
Yeah champ, I wasn't replying to you. If you look at the other people that replied to me they got it. Every comment you make is the equivalent of "Ive got a black friend so...." I'm not really talking to you. I get that you don't think it's racist, maybe blame your family for that. It's fucked up maybe you're not the best benchmark. Much skepticism being sent your way.
Awesome you're number one at running child pedophile rings for decades. You have the highest demand of drugs and illegal sex trade. You have the majority of your adult population as obese. You jail kids and torture them. You have mass shootings at schools monthly and do shit all about it. The only people who've declared you muppets number one is yourselves because NOBODY would even consider any of those faults as a sign of a winner. A country full of fat fucking dumb child abusing losers. That's a more appropriate title. Enjoy being number one at child abuse. What a fucking joke yanks are.
@David Sanchez HEY! Latino pitiyanki,we prefer Chinaand Russia in Africa to murderous Yankees,they are still Africa creating CHAOS with there NATO terrorist military bases here and there.Go home Yankee!
Faith in humanity retard
I'd rather have a million Muslims as neighbors than 1 racist fuck like you
I stg you couldn't pay this nigga to leave me alone
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Women should tell the truth. Like the sex got boring, he doesnt listen, lowt attraction and all those things but they can't because men are over emotional and get violent when they get mad. So take the kind lies and suck it.
If they don't want to be locked up then they should stop breaking the law and crossing our borders
congrats you're a subhuman pussy bitch in a car
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
thats right u hate ameroca go get enslaved in somalia, n fatfcc talib go back to your fcn desert tent, aoc go get ur fcn tip cup ill shht in it
Muslims like these should be jailed for at least 2 years for sacrilege
Next time they should secede to the middle east. Fucking Y'all Qaeda.
I wish your brain had as many functioning cells as your pussy does. URL
Go fuck yourself you mormon bitch
WTF a Al Qaeda apologist in the wild.
Suck some dick bitch head and shithead
A fucking queer boy how come your mommy keeps calling my house I let her suck my dick once after I fucked her in the ass
+Tommy Vee I'm sure basketball isnt ur thing too multicultural for ya ... stick to hockey loser
Read my previous comment. Know your place Reddit trash loser. Faggot.
a messy bitch is a hurting bitch & a lot of these hoes hurting
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
I'm sick of this hoe
Im sick of this shit, they have to turn everything gay LGBT should be illegal
Very faggot ass "tAkE". That ho is GOBBLING cock. "Taking advantage" because I woman could NEVER just absolutely gobble cock and be responsible for the gobblin. Poor damsel. Someone should save this fair maiden from THROWIN THAT MF NECK LIKE GOT DAYUM!!!
isis will fuck ya guys ass now
Yes and they're all Muslims you're barking up the wrong tree you delusional b**** you hate America so go back to your own country and fix it then come back here and show us how to fix things
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
She looks like the kind of retard that chews the Aspirin.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
A Bitch could never Air me out
Amerikkka needs another 9/11 to happen
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
@pjamesjp1 @finy06 @Durango96380362 @FreeLion7 @tgradous @JVER1 @JUBILEE_7DOUBLE @BeverlyConserv1 @usvetram @marylene58 The morons must have a death wish. Israel will oblige
Maybe niggas just need to stop being oversenesetive ass pussies
@arreyyzain @hrw @amnesty @UNHumanRights @Geneve_int U people are very dangerous terrorists #IndiaForKashmir #TerrorFreeKashmir #landminesdetected go ask Imran Khan or your Army ! They want to destroy our Kashmir ! Allah will not forgive u URL
@prepschoolhoes faggot
Your fat ass mother wobbles across the fucking living room after I use her face to wipe my ass what's the matter little faggot sperm dumpster you run out of children to molest in your neighborhood you're nothing but a homosexual cock sucking up the butt fucking baby raping child molester AKA sperm dumpster tell your mommy stop calling my house I fucked your real good to. I let her suck the shit off my dick in fact I I ripped her head off and shit down her throat and use her face to wipe my ass LOL keep sucking that dick like the sperm dumpster you are fagg
The bitch next to her needs to be arrested. Immediately. URL
Report this tweet for making fun of people with autism . Report under abusive behaviour for targeting disable people. @TwitterSupport for once prove yourself useful We stoop so low in our hate that we disregard everything. DP says ALLAH AKBAR and I wish you had fear of ALLAH too URL
Pull up with the gays first to kill them so we can invade
RTgame This horny little fag can't get enough. Edging to a perfect alpha. Let's fuck him up. 1/1/1 for 20 min  2 comments per person. #findom #cashmaster #cashslave URL
I will personally come to your house, dig you out of your mother's basement with all of your Fleshlights and old cum rags and make sure you suffer a slow and very very painful death right in front of your parents.
I think yer a faggot
@kel_mae129 is such a kinky slut that she cant stop touching herself loving herself she has pierced nipples and pierced pussy check out URL URL
This is ironic as Israel wants to be the first Zionist Jewish ethno state and all these blacks are getting booted out. lul
gay people should die
lmao so fucking EPIC just destroyed idot retart i bet hes CRYING so hard bro he just SHIT HIS PANT form ur gamer ROAST bro  i TaLk LiKe ThIs ToO bEcAuSe I aLsO cAnT aRgUe WiThOuT sOuNdInG lIkE aN iDoT rEtArT
This is how you end up with more men doing this shit. Good intentions, bad execution
Totally would have her in the alley afterwards with my cock up her tight ass. She can only plead no as I cum in her teasing ass.
I assume most blacks are criminals when I see them, its why I never hire any. Im usually right.
In your mouth fag
I wouldn't even sip a drink after this girl let alone fuck her she looks like she got some boogeyman STD URL
Fuck that nigga.
Can we just nuke Mexico?
It's because America is a cesspit of racial intolerance and exploitation of the working class and poor and while Europe (well France and the UK at least) is also a cesspit of racial intolerance and exploitation of the working class and poor but just not as much.
@thehill I recently looked up my ex-girlfriend and she is STILL devastated that I broke up with her. She's now engaged, just trying to make me jealous and get me back. It's more sad than funny really.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
"You ever heard of the Harlem Struggle, slut?" She'd nod her head no. "Well you're about to find out first-hand!" I lie on my back and pull her face down , 69 style, onto my cock. I pull hard, smashing her nose against my balls. Then I throw my legs up behind her head to replace my hands. Figure whore leglock style. I'll bet that would surprise her!
Germany doesn't want "diplomacy " they want to give Iran everything they are asking for because they are like scared little kittens, now that they have given their country over to Muslim immigrants.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
WhatA fucking NIGGER
Nah. I picture her a few years from now making some dude's life miserable.
@ARYNEWSOFFICIAL @iaalikhan Political is so sweet Hog BONE  IN PAK for Nawaz families they must licked it all times tills there graves They been lies to the nation last 35 years we as nation trusted theses son of bitches now times to flushed them the toilet to get rid of disease
COME OUT TO THE BAY AREA AND GET UR COCK SUCKED REALL GOOD FAGGOT
to all those ugly hoes complaining about the recent unedited photoshoot of nct. Fuck off you should look at yourself. They are also fucking humans with feelings  and skin problems. for example I also don't have clear skin and if u r a nctzen then fucking go we don't need u.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Iran and China are big gangsters. Should strike them off the map
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Fuck Israel!
Nigga need to be euthanized
Don't vote for that Jew is you don't want to be a Jew supporter. Signed, Nazi Germany
I hope white people got killed
Yanks are immune to evidence. You could shoot someone right in the middle of time square and it will get ignored. A culture that has normalized violence, mass shootings, pedophelia, racism, xenophobia, homophobia, is not a culture that can be trusted. Can only cry wolf so many times before people catch on to the bullshit yank.
This terrorist pig bitch will be forcefully taken out. FACT
She is stupid and we need to deport her
They call it 'dysphoria' ---folks tend to kill themselves if its not treated Right now, letting folks be trans is the treatment I think its caused by chemicals in our environment which disrupt the endocrine system, but nobody really knows what makes folks trans. Main thing is, there's only gonna be more of them and they don't care what some little punk in high school thinks, so fuck off, you stupid fucking pussy
@Cayla_YNWA @Dan_Jones2 fuck you dumb bitch you think cause you have 4000 followers you're something special go swallow a whole cock
This vato is a fuckn puto ..
A girl KNOWS when a bitch likes her boyfriend
She is repulsive as fuck.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Manipulating weak pathetic losers like you is so fucking easy... my beauty and dominance captivates you like no other  @rtfemdom1 @womenruleonly @DirkHooper @rt_feet @cashpointmeets @FemdomDaily #findom #femmedomme URL
That black bitch had her nose turned up....... I would whoop her ass...  -sent from black man iPhone  Trump 2020
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Fuck this little midget faggot.
I'd fucking bend her over and fuck her holes and cum all over her face.
they should have got them some smarter black folks.. Cause these two are fucking retarded...
Fucking fagot burn in hell
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Shut the FUCK up fucking faggot
Me beast should pretende to rob a bank. Because he is white
Niggas with big dicks who can't fuck are useless
Last RT Know wayyy too many niggas and females both who been lame af and that did that shit just to make a name.. i know the real you
What a dyke
Jews destroys everything they touch. Literally everything.
Racist ass bitch
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
the performance quality of indian cricket team has really gone down in this world cup the consistency , determination and the responsibilty of every team member which New zealand and England teams had indian team lacked it, indian team had only on 2 to 3 members on which the whole team was dependent
This coming from a country that regularly gang rapes goats. haha Rapistan, living up to its name
Lol stfu nick "stupid white boy" wright. Shaq and the orlando magic may have beat up jordan's bulls in the 95 playoffs but jordan went back and got his vengeance against them the next year. Stop discrediting one of the greatest legends you bron bron black cock suckin' piece of shit. Your father should have ejaculated you on the fucking toilet when you were a shit ass sperm. Fucking white trash bitch ass dweeb. Go suck your mother's hideous tits. ,.!..
That's a pretty extremist view. I'll return with an extremist view. South Korea should make a deal with Trump and receive lesser American military support to lower the cost for US. In turn, they should get the right to nuclearize the country. Then SK can finish what US failed to do. Erase Japan from the map through nuclear bombs. It's already a radioactive cesspool. Should end Japan's pitiful downfall and end its misery.
I feel like if a lot of you knew the punishment of the backbitter y'all wouldn't even allow yourselves to be in a circle where another Muslim name is mentioned and they aren't present
@tetebaby123 Dear mommy, look what college taught me! HATE. RAGE, and RACISM! Aren't you proud of your Queen now? URL
THE ISLAMIST COMMUNIST BABY KILLERS SHOULD HAVE GONE AHEAD WITH IT JUST TO BE DEFEATED AND BECOME THE JOKE OF THE COUNTRY AND THE WORLD MORE THAN THEY ALREADY ARE... URL
Get the fuck out of my country you fuck
Nverdis It's low IQ blacks that have the most abortions.
"...WHO Will Stop Classifying Transgender People As Having A 'Mental Disorder'..." NO ONE, this sub group of sick animals are part and parcel of the homo child molesting rapist agenda! They should ALL be forced into 'special' FEMA camps to be properly adjudicated then, given the choice to straighten up their ACT or be exterminated!!!
Kick the SOBs out of every peace loving country and back to the filthy sandboxes they belong in. URL
yall bitches b trynna sound so thurl when niggas off percs the nut taste like pure fuckin metal and ear wax and im spitting that shit out periodt! URL
She could beat Brendan's faggot ass
kys cracker
37 my ass fuckin faggot
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
@AOC @kboivi07 These filthy foreigners all need to be deported!
Mfs still gone fuck a bitch knowing she got a STD?
Trump is anti-women. Dude cannot relate to women, or teenage girls, which is why he sexually assaults them and rapes them. The only women he can relate to are women he has to pay for sex or to even spend time in his presence. Now THAT is un-American. The Orange Racist Rapist should definitely get out of our country. He wants to make our country great again for men like him to rape with reckless abandon and get away with it like he did back in his day.
RT this and tell me how rough u will fuck my Virgin Ass. You took me back to your place and im so drunk so u can do anything to me. #cumslut #slutty #slut #horny #anal #whore #teenfuck #teenslut #teen #snowbunny #bbclover #jailbait #drunkfuck #lgbt #virgin #bisexual #LGBTQ URL
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Take that pussy drop it in my lap URL URL
@ImranKhanPTI Let's all join and kill every Indian we come across. These motherfuckers are nothing but cruel people.
remove her fucking channel and lock her up. stupid bitch
Fuck where you hoes at, or where yo rolls at, where yo backbone nigga? Where yo code at? #tmc #perfectten #ripkingnip
I'd love to fuck that tight little asshole so hard, and in the interests of equal opps, if you feel the need to take your revenge after I'm done...
She doesn't like America. Or Americans.. send her back.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Authoritarian demagogue, undermining democracy and promoting mob rule; Enemy of the Kurdish people, ethnically cleansing villages in Syria #Afrin; Anti-Semite, dedicated to weakening or destroying Israel; Turkey has become a Trojan Horse for Moscow inside NATO
Where the fuck is there god when they get arrest? Huh you stupid religious bitch
The most entertaining thing she can do other than shake her ass and tits, is make some shitty British accent and eat hot Cheeto puffs
First leave is racist, then ban "illegal immigrants" next any word someone on the left doesn't like or says if offensive. I call that censorship? #IStandWithPresTrump
Bunch of whack niggas on this app
@subnegro_ A woman do this to me I'm killing that bitch
@AshiyaRaj @narendramodi Today if we have Pakistan & Bangladesh, it's all because of spineless, power hungry political & non-political leaders who gave part of our nation to these invaders because they wanted to rule AND Secondly, because of many Hindus who after years & years of slavery became selfish..
@PinkNews What a twat. Nothing good will happen to him. Vile #homophobic asshole.
@wickedkaz jude is a motherfucking latina
Fuck you bitch ass cunt ass motherfucker cockhole
Bark all you want you kalb. Thats all you people are good at. You just bark like rabids dogs but when you get slapped by the Mujahideen you run to the Christians for protection. Like you did in Iraq and Syria
So being gay is sexual harassment to you? I suppose it would please you if we all decided to become monks and never did anything sexual because that would likely qualify as "shoving our sexuality down your throat"? Well fuck that, and fuck YOU.
Bitches be so fucking bothered, like shut the fuck up
@MaudreyHepburn No. I'm also 44 and male it wouldn't be a great idea. Also teenage girls are a bloody awful species.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
good, bitch, u aint welcome either
Whoopi is a disgusting racist pig! I wouldn't want to be in her coochie either. As a matter of fact probably no one on the planet would as well. Her coochie must be full of spider webs & has years full of dust & decay in there. She really is an ugly, disgusting creature!  URL
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
I'd choke you while I fuck you rough
happy pride, one year, I volunteered for our city's pride parade and I remember thinking that it was the first time in my life that I was the sexual minority (I'm a heterosexual), as everyone around me was LGBT. This was just for a weekend and I'm an adult so I can imagine a child or a teen who lives that every day could find that very challenging.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Disgusting turtle cock I knew it. You probably look like a gross Euro inbred with your receding hairline to top it off . I bet "mommy" has to pick out your nasty dick cheese too. You sound like such an entitled prick. If your parents and nation are rich and you still can't get it together you are truly a pussy boy.
Deport all of them AND anyone who helps them.
Have fun being an atheist bully, don't become as violent as these guys URL Maybe you should listen to this sometime and actually think about your life URL
If those progressives hate America so much they should leave and go back their third world dumps.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@d_deplorableme @BreitbartNews This has been going on for so long there and primarily by andthrough young blacks over drugs!IF Cummings would DO HIS JOB,he would know this and address it accordingly! Instead,he's bashing the bestPOTUS we've had in a long time, sucking up to the illegeal aliens and not his JOB!
You allah be begin us to stop bombing you.Lol.Your name has mud in it,it should be shit.
So long as we are consistent and keep Bond and Ariel white. Whites should not have to give up their representation simply because they have more than POC.
"Hanging around Ken's neck, on a metallic silver thread, is what ten out of ten **fags** will tell you at a glance is a cock ring." I couldn't believe the casual use of that term until I realized the article was written in 1993. Different times, I suppose.
#BuildTheWall and fix our broken immigration system. This bullshit has got to come to an end. URL
What I really want to know is.. how's this unfaithful piece of shit aids infested nigga still alive!? I guess when you have enough money you can buy the cure . #blackprivledge
Free yourself from jews before they ad another 10 trillion to your already 22 trillion debt. , by sending you into a new war.
To be fair thou, your Mike did came to my country (Vietnam) demanded us to hand over the 2 American citizen terrorists who bombed a police station in 2018. So yeah, it's just that your country is overall rude.
@spriggs_dan @GGonzalez122 @_TJWatt too bad that bottle didn't explode through your skull and either take your eye out or just fucking kill you for being a beta cuck faggot
These #NorthKorean defectors were sold into #China as cybersex slaves. Then they escaped URL
Eat shit and die China.
genocide amerika that means when we smack them with cruise missiles it becomes a dirty bomb
Y'all all laughing at me getting played but your future wife sucking ashy dick with her chapped ass lips goodnight whores
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
pakistan has the radiations shitfest is this what u want stupid nuclear energy supporters lol also yea old creeps incesticiding children are a problem too also abortions are cheaper and safer it seems those poor girls were healthier before are them forever demented now
Send the Muslim bitches home to dirt country
You autistic screech over people posting on certain subreddits because you're too autistic to tell the difference between bits and real talk in the podcast. Also you're gay
The only fun I will have with you is #humiliation when I force your pathetic head on a #bbc whilst your struggle to pull back forced to swallow a alpha mans loads Your cum dump that's all. #sissy #domme #efdp #paypig #cuck #goddess #slave #finsub #finslave #cashslave #denial
You look like a gay cop who was caught fucking the junior deputies
@ThomasJTobin1 You mean the children who were raped by your people? Yeah, go fuck yourself, dude.
@jimmattor @Ahmadinejad1956 lol, look who is talking. USA is the definition of a barbaric sh*thole with over 2000 mass shootings since 2013. With a population dumb as toast, it will never catch up with a highly sophisticated culture that is Iran. Europeans called you degenerates.
@mssnewbooty You must spend most of your life on your knees sucking big black cocks  #AlwaysSucking #Cocksucker #BBC #DownOnHerKnees #Blond #Barbie #Bimbo #Goddess URL
@MichaelCoudrey Your bullshit can get people killed. All these psychos believe the craziest shit then knuckle up and go killing. You gotta be more careful with these snowflakes.
@TheItalGal The best argument is that extremists on any end are horrible people & should be removed from Earth.  Right now there's a push to vilify 3 different groups in the world of terrorism when there are valid arguments against ALL of them. No "side" should breathe a sigh of relief.
He didn't destroy any lives. Unless you hate Christians and hate the Christian message.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
Why is it so hard for men to express their feelings ?
Tie you to the bed, then eat your pussy for breakfast, followed up by a whole day of using your holes non-stop to fill with my cum
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
She looks like that "i'm too good for you" personality, piece of shit type of girl, that just ends up getting drunk and sucking every cock she could find.
Another disgusting pervert homosexual
Dumb Whore
Fuck religion, especially Islam, and fuck all of the redditors who normalize this kind of shit
All white people are terrible! There can never be peace in this world with white men and their privlege
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
retarded bitch
Next nigga I see litter just drop all your shit and be ready to fight. Cause y'all the reason it's so hot in Miami. Goddamn o zone falling apart and this damn global warming. URL
@drck78 @ShankhNaad @Dev_Fadnavis one of girls is your sister dude try hard to protect btard
1:31 well you guys eat tide pods so whats a little glue?
@PhilipRucker @TomArnold And it REALLY IS a rat infested disgusting area. Go there. But a house. Set up your family. The former Democrat mayor said the same thing. She was black, as tho that matters.
So damn true. I shared a post on Facebook recently about pride events that boiled down to "don't get made if you see someone in an apparently heterosexual couple at pride, you don't know if they might be bi, trans, ace/aro, questioning, or what" and some cis-het white guy that I barely know made a comment of "since when is it okay to discriminate against straight people." I about LOST. MY. SHIT. at him. I also happened to be at a family gathering with my brother who is gay and also knows this guy. Oh boy, did we light him up.
I don't see why. Somehow someone born here is less of a risk or something? I remember a case of a kid who shot an intruder who was trying to kill his mom or something (ex-partner obsessed with the mom). Kid used his siblings gun. Kid was undocumented, sibling wasn't. It was a clean shooting. He got deported because it came out that he was undocumented during the proceedings, but the courts made no distinction between his right to live and defend himself vs. that of a citizen.
I was running a small business and fucking two girls when I was 16. What a chump bitch. They should get a late term abortion.
Nothing racist about this. Blacks *do* commit a disproportionately high about of crime, and media also primarily only shows white people doing crime because they think minorities are always victims.
You lay your hand on a female your a pussy ass bitch Point blank period !
Fuck whoever you want, just don't be flirting with me if you got a dick.
@TheJusticeDept shameful that hamit hayag a dangerous terrorist's 24 year conviction was overturned by a useless, weak judge! This should never happen! Better close down these dangerous muslim org in America, and is there an isis training camp near Tx? keep Americans safe!
Fuck her mouth.
People who lament abstinence are weird and have the propensity to rape.
Never let niggas know your next move  URL
names colby brock and my ass is fat i'd fuck your bitch but your bitch is wack URL
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
European sitting on a stolen land telling others to leave the country what a disgrace!!! founding fathers of this nation are rolling in their grave
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
@realDonaldTrump @SwedishPM So racist. Abusing the power of the office to free a convict not because of the charge, but to try to soften your position in a community that you oppress in order to pluck a vote or two. You don't give 2 shits about A$AP Rocky or his community.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
and for a good reason, china is more important than the eu and their self-proclaimed funding of zillions of dollars. The west is collapsing with retards like trump and islamization while China/far east is rising but central and eastern europe chooses the sinking ship...
and make this place even whiter? NO thanks. we're on the brink of turning into a fully diverse nation. we have until 2045. keep making babies mexicans, blacks and asians. Lets make this country less white.
If this nigga stinks up the rr ima have to beat the shit outta him
men who aren't trash know that "men are trash" tweets aren't about them. so if you comment saying "not all men" i'm going to automatically assume you're trash unless i already know otherwise.
Trump's wife need to go back where she came from. Trump Cheeto ass just needs to be assassinated already. Fuck him, he created this shit for racists and etc to be comfortable saying shit anyone who ain't a white privileged male. #IStandwithErica
Kill yourself cracker.
Men are truly trash
@WeWuzBoomers worst thing about conservative women: wide vagina
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
This history [Islam] makes abundantly clear that Islamic terrorism and "extremism" are intrinsic to Islam, and have been from its first contact with Western civilization in the seventh century. ~ Raymond Ibrahim URL
Go back Omar you piece of garbage ... From Vietnamese proud American .
Give the jew some money and he will firget this. He s crying cuz he wants donations. Jew loves money
Nigga need to be euthanized
@realDonaldTrump how much longer do we have to put up with the sickening behavior of the these idiot Iranians? Release the hounds on these asshole and do it soon!! Nobody needs Iran to survive on this planet for any reason at all. Kick the shit out of this nipping little puppy!
And what fake news CNN is not broadcasting on is that those illegal immigration in those holding cell all locked up is on their way back to South America and Mexico .
I cant stand this stupid little lesbian i cant wait till someone DESTROYS THIS BICH
a group of guys call them selfs BIA Brothers in Action bro they were so close for year I came to the school one of them told each other how much U wanna bet she'll end up with me bro u should of seen the shit that went down  a female is not worth it and that's bro code
Don't these people have daughters/wives/mothers? How ould they feel if they were raped? Fucking disgusting people. PS I mean rapists not Indians
Must have to be mentally challenged n one ugly bastard to go out wi the intentions to be spiking folk Strange behaviour
Female dance group in Assam, India is invited to perform at an Eid celebration, but once there they are forced to perform while naked. Accused Kuddus Ali, Sayed Khan, Atikul Islam, Samajuddin, Jeherul Islam and Abbas Ali are on the run. – Opindia News URL
What ever faggot. I condemn political and religious violence i.e terrorism and you say I don't. Go smoke some pole and fuck off back to your normie reddit shit sympathizer.
Maybe that's where he got the idea that women marry assholes? After all, if one married him...
Why? Shes borderline retarded.
All chicks need is a catheter up their piss hole.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Annihilate the chinese government please. They are inbred retards and shouldn't be able to call themselves, human fucking pigs..
White girl are done with white dick. Sorry not sorry, we're done going to bed unsatisfied  URL
Call it Wahhabi Islam. Remind them that their whole philosophy is based on the ranting of an grumpy old man in the 14th century who thought Islam was too progressive back then, and who's only relevant today because he got in on the ground floor with the House of Saud.
it's ALWAYS the fucking whites who be commiting the worst type of crimes... but us mexicans are the problem URL
>what's up ya fat fuckin retards ass fuck  >eat my ass Like bruh
The democrats are inviting more homeless illegal people to cross the border while they complain it's not enough money and housing while these illegals are jumping the line for affordable housing while some Americans have been waiting for years. Seems like all illegals do is break laws and jump lines.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
you can get shot as well as that monkey, you filthy racist bitch
I wanna fuck that asshole and fill it full of cum
I hate niggas you complain like suck it up you little bitch
this man is literally mentally r*tarded
Fuck white people and fuck the cops. And if you feel some type of way about it eat a dick!
Get the Moslems to do it
gag on my dick pussy
Look at that faggot
You're still a fucking loser faggot
ain't talkin in love w no hoe
Nah those loser fucks needs to be bullied until they off themselves. Same ole shit, loser white dude who can't get a job or pussy
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
You dumb fucks are advocating for fenocide that will cause the deaths of billions. And it's rich White Europeans who are the issue? Holy fuck you reactionaries are all giant fucking pieces of shot. Go live in the woods if you want to that bad. Reactionary piece of shit.
His feet was lil ass he'll gay ass nigga
You're asexual because no woman would drop her standards so low. Fuck off you loser.
You fookin homophobic piece of shit.
Except for women. Because they're too dumb duh
NO female wants a lame, uneducated, weak minded, childish, lying, dirty, cheating, disrespectful guy ...
They nigga get uglier everytime I see him URL
The quran itself gives examples of ordered execution but sure. Go ahead and believe in the fairy tales of a documented war monger. Saying mohammed did no wrong doing is beyond comprehensible.
you will drown in the blood you poured, islamic enemy us bastards
Guess that makes your mom a lesbian then.
Stfu go back to china you moron go eat fetus
the gay community & caucasians are the most annoying groups of people i've ever encountered. wanna be relevant so damn bad
@acnewsitics Did you know that you're not supposed to wear the flag? These MAGAts wear the flag all the time. They are ILLEGALS! We will not stand for those that disrespect our precious flag. Get those sons of bitch MAGAts out of here.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
You will suck cock for me like a good sissy.
India is the filthiest country on planet Earth. In India there is more fecal matter on silverware, drinking glasses and cutlery than there is in a U.S. toilet. Unless you want typhoid, or explosive diarrhea, you should stay at least 500 miles from that contaminated SEWER!
Got it, they need to be "kept busy" or they will murder. Ahh the perpetual bigotry of low-as-fuck expectations....
Hey swalwell...did ur mother have any kidz that lived? lol u have the personality of a cement block... in the words of the immortal Archie Bunker... dead from the neck up
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
America is a country full of degenerates.
you look like a freak with your albino face, dark hair and light beard. probably got rainbow pubes huh? what color is your dick? so ugly.
You women are the ones who are just holding a space, you are the disruption of the President that is trying to do the job that the majority voted him into office to do. Omar you are the one that needs to be taken out of office, you married your brother to keep him in this country. Cortez you are the biggest liar, and your little baby talk you do just shows just how stupid you are. And I want to say thankyou for your help to get our President re-elected, your ignorance it working wonders.
@Imamofpeace Sorry can't help .Sex is Sex we all like and need it so why not make it legal and have a tunnel from places of worship were these men could get it out and leave children along.Listen if me and a woman get naked and she decided she didn't want URL leave .
Beeto is suck a pussys bet He wears panties and a bra. What a punkass prick he is.
Vox "male" employees are little soy beta fucks
I'd be one clown ass bitch if I was out here worried about a nigga .
*Send them BACK south of our boarder, where they came from....We owe them NOTHING.*
Islam kills gays. Nothing to do with you being a rude boy.
@IlhanMN You are one stupid bitch guessing it's that whole inbreeding thing that or one of your parents is a goat
real amateur intense anal fuck , she crying about hurt ass <<retweet>> URL @hotmodelsxxx @HotAdultModels  @BigBootyItaly @PornoxDia @ASRBABES @TulioPromoter @AdultBrazil @letagparfait @PornhubModels @TradizionLarry @pOrn_VideosGifs @Boogie_1969 URL
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Coming from savage white race that killed Billions of people around the world? Lol your low Birthrate is karma for your wickedness
So it's racist to call these countries shitholes, but they're also terrible enough to be compared to Nazi Germany? Make up your minds.
ugly time magazine. They have dalits and street defecators writing their articles who are now crying like bitches. Nowonder Pakistan hid Osama for 10 years while eating $50 billion dollars in aid. What greater gift to india is there than this. Pakistan humiliated America bahahah
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Racist, sexist, transphobic, homophobic, xenophobic, ass hole - left talking to the right
I don't give a shit about his response. What you gonna do, you pathetic piece of garbage? Shut up & play golf. We all know you don't give a crap otherwise you'd have made efforts to STOP this terrorism happening in your own country. You failed them. Their blood is on your hands. URL
Now that the crazy drunk bogan who used to climb up onto his rooftop at 2am and scream, "My son is a pedophile! I'll fuck up all the blackies" is gone...10/10.
Americans need to stay & fix their shithole country instead of flooding into countries that don't have room for them and leeching off the system!
where them pretty fags at
@cokoisu @TheIgboWolf Nigerian youths tire me. I was so ashamed of em. Even the so called educated ones.
She's batshit crazy
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
A class act and a miserable dyke talking to a liberal puss
Molly is thinking "nigger" in her head.
We don't need a deal with a country full of Islamic extremists.
Oh, so like that guy who was a Nazi, converted to Salafi Islam, and then murdered his roommates?
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Suck my balls you illiterate fuck.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
What a great example on how to be a good Christian by a Non-Christian. Well done Saraswati thank you for the lesson in patience and kindness.
Seems to me the pilgrim fathers were wandering around undocumented by the indigenous people they invaded. Those darker skinned people who had been in North America for 25,000 years. Yet the visitors stayed.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Comfort women. The rape of Vietnam. Korean army crime.  URL
Gays are like Vegans; They always gotta tell the world about it. NO ONE CARES, FAGGOT
@delhichatter Sometime I feel like taking a flame thrower to these pigs of this particular religion and burn their peacefulness along with them...
@BDUTT @washingtonpost U can puke ur shit in washingoost or Pakistan post or any porn mag u star in ..we r all aware about it love for anti India forces particularly Hindus ...u r that shameless product of GBrd who rejoiced when kashmiri pandits were massacred n driven out and is mourning now  B*#ch
when you let a house nigga out the house
Hell ain't real. Stop being a religious nigger.
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
It's time to take care of these wanna be nuclear Iranian Islamists terrorists regime back to Stone Age
What a stupid fukin bitch
Josh is a fucking closet case Missisippi Bastard
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
Time to send the cunts to the men's jail.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Meagan the Stallion done gave these bitches the definition of "hot girl" now they done REDEFINED THE MEANING. Nah you city hoe replicas y'all was on y'all hoe shit this summer until she stated what it really was. GET OFF MY DICK.
Deport Them to Afghanistan to Disarm IEDs They Do Not Belong Here They will never be Americans or Respect Any of Our Laws They are Here to Spread Ebola & Islam URL
I hate whores
+LogicalAtheist Conspiracy? You a foggot or lgbtq ?
Fuck Moscow Bitch
u niggas are fuckin nuts, put the guns down & get a job.
U right, probably some old nigga named Clyde
Relax bro. Churches are festering shitholes of hate filled bigots and one day they will die off and none of us will have to worry about the religion that committed suicide with a shotgun spray of hypocrisy. You don't need to come telling me to stop being divisive because I'm just hastening the inevitable.
@KyleKulinski We need more school shootings. We need American soldiers to be decapitated. The Working class Americans must also suffer alongside the rich elite american as the working class american are greedy racist white & mix race devils. We need to start off by bombing American Embassies.
Fake bitch.
Her cunt doubles as a spitoon
Move to Pakistan you anti American.
you will drown in the blood you poured, islamic enemy us bastards
Women break shit, shred clothes, key card, burn things, attack people with machetes. I feel like this is a genderless DV problem.
Christianity is a vile plague that brainwashes innocent victims; specifically targeting the young, ignorant, and vulnerable.
Shaun King is a scumbag who steals the work of Black women, is antisemitic, is a grifter, and gives you no news/talking points that you couldn't get by following Black women.  As always, if you RT him into my feed, you're blocked. URL
@realDonaldTrump @OANN Now you see why the people of El Paso do not want Trump in El Paso. He calls white supremacy fake news while they are still burying loved ones killed in a white supremacist attack
i hate u whores
Trans is the new black. Next thing you know the word trans will become offensive to them and they will want some politically correct term like "gender adjusted person" in place of it. But they will still be allowed to call each other trans because it's "their word" See what I did there?
I bet she has sucked dick, those lips touched his. Anon has now had dick on his mouth. Anon is a faggot.
Why are all the lgbt subs filled with this type of shit? I just want a gay sub without cringey, immature teenagers everywhere.
Malaysians are the worst in controlling their money flow.
You're following her too dumbass. If you say that you're not following her for her naked pics and don't want to fuck her, you're lying out of your ass. Fucking sperg lol
I'm literally going to be sick. Jesus Christ— humans are such fucking morons and they're not happy unless they're murdering or torturing each other over stupid shit like borders and religion. Fuck borders & fuck religion, too.
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
Lol, India doesnt even use toilet paper, what a joke! Why not try to fix your sewers than pretend to be astronauts
Yeah you can kill them and they'll make sure you just get a slap on the wrist. Police out here killing people of every color every day and walking away with no real punishment. Let somebody sell a half ounce of weed and get caught up and the book is thrown at them. You can be white athlete and rape a person then get hit with that same slap on the wrist. Dont act like these police arent looking out for those who they deem acceptable. The courts back the play and its a plus 10 to defense if you're any type of trump supporter
@Zabehulah_M33 We already know that your enemies are Afghanistan's Muslims not Americans.. Killing of one Human is killing of all humanity.
I would fuck u rough and fill ur pussy, then invite some friends to gangbang you.
Islamic men are COWARDS! URL
Guys will really try to gas light you into an uncomfortable situation where you'll likely end up forced or cohersed into having sex with them and not see how they're wrong.
But the thing is, ISIS is working an an attempt, how ever misguided, to make the world better as well. They're idea of better is abhorrent, but it's still their idea of better. The only difference between bombing a civilian area that contains isis agents and bombing an American concentration camp is the flag they work under. Killing people being repressed in order to take out those that would do them harm is not acceptable.
The whore knows what to do when I'm about to jizz on her face! Slutty puckering and even sluttier tongue! I'd aggressively facefuck this little cumwhore until I have no jizz left for the time being!
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
@_Hsn_Shah This is the same guy we Indians killed right? Don't worry send as many as you can you will get them back only in boxes. We are busy arranging an appointment of those fucking bastards with your allah may he teach him the right in heaven
Baby dick whites need to coin phrases like BWC to convince themselves they actually have normal sized penises.
These bastards in sudan deserve their heads to be chopped off n the rest of the arab countries that r involved your day is coming in the akhira a3ozo billah
joe is a fag
THESE BITCHES ARE FILTHY NASTY WHORES LMFAOOOO IM NEVER GONNA FIND A WIFE
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@MelisssfMelissa @YouTube Yes, the Tide has Turned- ALL of the luciferian pedophiles who profit and lust after the harm of children and the sexualization of the innocent will face JUSTICE‼ Those who have used religion to justify abuse will NOT escape punishment, be they Muslim or Catholic or Satanist.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
and their "our daily bread" books and bible studies are poster-children for cherry picking the good. i mean, do people need to know that lot offered up his two daughters to a mob of men to do whatever they want? that those daughters got him drunk and raped him in a cave so they could each have a child? AFTER sodom and gomorrah was torched for (as many christians believe) sexual immorality?
First off, he sounds like shit. It actually makes this fantasy a somewhat humorous listen.  Secondly, it's amazing how many times Owen has mentioned being proud of the fact that his hometown took in Jewish refugees, thus making him not antisemitic, yet all of a sudden he has learned devastating info that no one has ever heard of except him. We should prod him for this information, but we all know it's bullshit.   Lastly, someone should go to Oswego and take a poll of how many people participated in room-whacks (aka the Scourge of Oswego) were molested, especially by Priests with hooked noses.
Kill those all bangladeshi
I'd deport them all to feminist shithole Sweden.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
There are entire countries in Africa with an average IQ of 70. You'd basically be calling for the genocide of millions of people.
This cute  they probably fuck niggas together
Nah those loser fucks needs to be bullied until they off themselves. Same ole shit, loser white dude who can't get a job or pussy
Mad about your grandpa dying? Still upset about your girl dumping you and taking other cock? Is that why you're projecting as hard as you are? Figured as much. I have shit to do, now, boy, so I'm muting you. Peace and chicken grease
Maybe that's where he got the idea that women marry assholes? After all, if one married him...
These Minneapolis losers should just go back to the sharia hole they came from. URL
Good I'd rather have all of em dead in a pile first rather than to let them into the great USA. Get the fuck out of my country you law breaking human bags of shit.
Hoes Always Swear They Nigga Dont Want You But When You Pull Out Them Recipes That Shit Hit Different
You losers wouldn't last 5 minutes wanking your pathetic cocks to my onlyfans! URL  #findom #irishfindom #cuck #onlyfans #femdom #footfetish #assfetish #strip #assworship #footworship #GPRT #cuck #humilation URL
I bet you Obama already has one. I mean, he wore a tan suit! He's a damned traitorous Muslim! /s
Is Chris really a Christie, one of those ugly lesbians in a suit. It looked like a bloke. Next thing you will be telling me that Rachel Maddcow is a Man, come to think about it, it might be a man.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Because these cucks will blame anyone but themselves for their inability to get their dicks wet.
I want to slap that tongue with my hard dick a few times before I fuck the hell out of your mouth and cum all over your face while you beg for it like the slut you are
Tiger25NYC Brooklyn, that is a load of crap. How about former officer Michael Slager sentenced to 20 years in jail for shooting Walter Scott, or how about former police officer Nouman Raja sentenced to 25 years in jail for shooting Corey Jones. Black people just want there to be some conspiracy, so they can justify their racist hatred of white people. Ignorant people like you spreading nonsense are creating and perpetuating the problem. Stop it moron.
Trumpsmissing a huge opportunity in that pointing out the fact that the dems and those radical women want an open border right next to a country where we'd we'd had a travel warning for years from all the murders and mass graves are you sure you really want open borders with something like that?
Hey bitches, Daddy's got some news for beta boys that love dick  URL
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@deadgirl_ambs Your the little fucking bitch too pussy to say anything to anyone in person instead you fucking tweet it on twitter like a little fucking kid would. Who's the retarded one now?
Bruh, we all should've known this nigga was gay. His name is motherfucking Eugene. We have a Code Eugene in progress right about now. I can't make this shit up.
Hate to be crude but she must have destroyed his dick that night
No Randy. There isnt another way. AMERICANS PICK UP YOUR WEAPONS AND PULL THESE CRIMINALS OUT OF THEIR HOUSES INTO THE STREETS. ALL POLITICIANS, GOVERNMENT WORKERS AND CORPORATE GARBAGE.  TAKE YOUR COUNTRY BACK.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
I say whatever to my bros. Called them bitches and cucks but with my female friends I'm super polite
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Islamists are far-right extremists.
nigga fuck u & yo mama, my shit work too.. lil retard !
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
They should sink the island, seems to be full of corruption. US citizens are tired of supporting, freeloading Latinos. PR, Mexico and invaders of Central America.
Because a bitch like you needs a man like me But a bitch like you needs a kick in the teeth
Hahahahahahahaha serves that Dumbass right ,,,,keep it up U.K.you're slowly eating yourself from the inside and the mooslims are tearing apart your countrymen from the outside ,,,,,TIK TOK ,,Britain only a matter of time ,,,,you and the rest of Europe will be flushed like burrito night at Ramomas
1. you don't fucking remotely know me other than what you've read on the internet even if you goto my profile which guys like you are likely looking for ammo so you are. 2. Even if I am insecure, I have every fucking right to be. I've been fucked over enough to have a hard time trusting women when it comes to dating. So how do you think I feel when I see another guy in a photo that looks like a basic dude bro that is likely aiming to fuck her?  Yeah. I've been in enough situations to be worried.
hmm you seem to know places where women touch retards, sounds fishy.And here I thought your mother only popped out Einsteins? damn there must be thousand of people who would want their money back for fucking the whore.  Oh goats too? Wow your life must be hell if you have to resort to goats after getting rejected from even costco lol
The Bible warned against this! Quick, burn the antichrist!
The roll back of the Health Care Rights Law will negatively impact marginalized communities, especially trans ppl, ppl w. disabilities, ppl living w HIV, etc. Take action NOW at URL #PoseFX #PutPatientsFirst #ProtectTransHealth URL
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Asian women are so toxic. Just wait till they get their claws in you.
I dont wanna talk to nun of y'all niggas nomo ! All y'all want is SEX & that's not what I'm looking for ! So stop texting me PLEASE
Found the faggot
Now if Feminists stopped making chairs to prevent manspreading and go and help women in both 3rd World and Developed Countries we wouldn't have to see people go through this pain.
"Go fuck yourself." If the Abrahamic God is the one we're talking about, he's a goddamn cunt.
Isn't this the guy that regrets not being first in line to gang rape a nun? Fucking wierdo
That dumb hoe is she was the killer I hope she burns in hell for braking up a family
Buncha fags.
@gaywonk Dude, just stfu. You are the pathetic faggot who is trying to ruin a mans career. Fuck your feelings and your faggot lifestyle. Should stick to sucking cock rather than running your mouth.
How can something so filthy be religious like a river full of dead bodies
Moslem majority cuntry makes sense
Well played by NL... indian cows cheat with pakistan while playing with england..but who knows they will be fucked up badly. Indian proud  Love NL from
I can't stand female commentators! We watch sports to escape the female voice!
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Lmao i bet he won't go stand on the block and say fuck Kodak Black or go outside and say them niggas pussy
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
I have a solution. Send them back to where they came from. THEY CAUSED THEIR OWN PROBLEMS by choosing to come here. They are their own country's problems. Not the problems of the United States. They are invaders.
"Kill all cishet white men"
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Y'all give these niggas too many chances to embarrass y'all over & over again
@sanjaymanjrekar Lick u r own dick tought hooolllingan...
Disappointed in the judges mother. She should've aborted that bundle of cells.
shouldn't Mulan be played by a Caucasian man to be equal and fair to everyone?
This man is ugly with his pot cover hair cut. URL
America should TARIFF all Remittance $$$ sent back to Mexico to cripple their incompetent open border country.
Bro... Catholics are the fucking worst smh URL
BREAKING: Clashes break out between Kashmiri rioters and Indian police in Anantnag district of South Kashmir after Eid prayers. Clashes reported from: Janglat mandi, Reeshi Bazar, Lal Chowk and Sherbagh areas. #JK URL
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
I think yer a faggot
@IlhanMN Islam does not align with our Constitution! I would love to deport your treasonous corrupt ass by catapult! Islam desires world domination, you'll never get it you evil bitch!
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
That pussy ass nigga was from Allen he should've brought his punkass to west Dallas, the grove or the cliff where there's Mexicans everywhere and see if he would've left that hoe alive URL
World's most corrupt country fires MP who called for diplomatic ties with Israel. They'd rather appease their Arab 'brothers' who brought nothing but destruction to them rather than make moves which benefit their country. Sad URL
Dude pedophillia is no joke, you fucking creep why are you in this subreddit then, I like her cause she's a role model for e gamer girls, leave this group you sad old cunt
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Society: She's pretty, I bet she's a conceited bitch.  Also society: He is an asshole, but he's good looking so we'll let it slide.
Oh look a human cow getting wet from being treated like the fuckmeat she is what are the odds?  A fat cow like you deserves to be rough fucked and raped by as many lonely neckbeard having, fedora wearing m'lady incels because you're not fit for regular consumption you waste of human flesh.  I bet your lazy cunt you pull welcome having multiple unused cocks in you cause those of us who want a real good fuck would just nut on your face and be done with you ya stupid cow.
Fact is that Israel is using US to destroy the greater ME to create space for its greater Israel project. Hundreds of millions will die, will be dislocated....entire Islamic civilization is being pushed back to the stone age...... Britain shares these crimes equally... URL
Amerikkka needs another 9/11 to happen
Alt right femboys can't say stupid shit if you plug their fashy little mouths with your big cock  URL
Okay I'm going to be racist! All of you M-F ing DEMORATS get the HELL OUT of the US, you can't run this country properly, even when the American people tell you what you're doing wrong! I hear there is an island somewhere near the Caribbean why don't you all move there and Rule as a satanic NWO and just eliminate yourselves!
AND THEY CALL THEMSELVES CHRISTIANS??!!! disgusting they all make me want to puke
I don't hate Israel. I just want to kill all the Jews.  that's a joke pla
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
@cuntgIomerate Get ur faggot ass off my shit
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Barbarians using totally unprovable and hateful ancient myths to justify their inhuman and cruel personal opinions. It is simply not true that all cultures are equally worth of respect. If you kill gays, mutilate babies' and teens' genitalia, cut off body parts and kill apostates, you are a barbarian, no matter how you call the ridiculous supernatural BS you use in order to justify it. If you call it *part of your culture* you are an inhuman arsehole worth of burning in your imaginary *"hell"*.
send white people back to germania!
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
God we're my car keys at I need to fuck this fag up I would end him with a punch
You could of at least hit me harder you faggot URL
This shit not funny at all bro niggas are disgusting and i really hope women start shootin y'all honestly truthfully URL
The raids began Friday in many area. It was way over due. I.C.E should begin a city-by-city and state-by-state raid/sweep to find, arrest and deport all illegal aliens. Enough of the insanity. The U.S does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches. Build the wall and deport them all. Problem solved.
#IF SHE BREATHES SHE A THOT
Must be that her personality sucks or she's too annoying to fuck because she's pretty hot.
That nigga Taco Falls big thenna bitch
Dis gay as hell
@LilDivaz1 @Franklin_Graham Yet Muslem faith is being taught in some of our schools. Where is the separation of their faith? It's mostly done secretly and students are not suppose to tell. Recently a teacher made a student renounce his Christian faith and repeat a Muslim prayer to a false god.
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
We need to make angry faced "Aborted chad" and he's yelling  *"Don't fukken kid urself bro be glad I wasn't born I'd be fukken her right now loser"* *"Sorry I'm not there to kick your ass you fuckn dweeb damn get a life"* *"Bro r u stupid ur a virgin cuz ur lookin at memes all day and jerkn it to wow tiddies"* *"Bro stop crying it's not a good look girls like a confident dude aw man come on for real"*
Thank god I don't live there, I would already be in jail from opening the skulls of these cowards.
Poor China. For a country that claims its powerful, they sure do whine about everything. "Its not fair" lol Just pathetic, since ancient times.
Haha you're a fucking fag
And this explains why religious people are just as evil, if not more evil, than non-religious people.
So the four dingbats say the most outrageous insulting stuff about America and they play the race card when they are criticized? They want totally open borders and flood the USA with illegal aliens at a cost of more than 100 billion per year, and they want free health care for all illegals, and they blame the USA for 911, and they accuse Trump supporters as being racists . . . then they want people not to laugh and them and criticize them? We are in the bizzarro world.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Something happens to women between the ages of 16-25 where they become literally retarded and this tweet kinda proves my point
Lmao it's a fuckin strip club. You can be 3 IQ with BPD and a pill habit and get hired. I think this chick is in denial about how blatantly unattractive she is. Especially since being attractive is barely a requirement
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
literally disgusting. what a stupid bitch. URL
And just let it slide? You're not only a pussy you probably suck the juice out of your momma's asshole boils.
I can't stand female commentators! We watch sports to escape the female voice!
@ragarwal @AshMytweets Sir missionary trying to convert people by displaying how pastors can cure diseases.. Happens every week in Hyderabad, Telangana, Bangalore, Punjab in multiple places @ragarwal sir
fuck this bullshit ass case  these CHILDREN spent so many years in jail cuz of some racist ass pieces of shit who just needed a scape goat for a rape
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Please retweet these little racist Bakersfield fucks :) URL
NRC should be applied in all States of India & all illegal immigrants should be thrown out. They are a drain on our countries resources & led to crimes.
I notice y'all don't do yt celebs like this. Y'all go extra hard on our black women.. i've notcied it lately with Normani too. Stop nitpicking shit.
Wake up America. The Muslims have their foot in the door. If we don't end our PC tolerance of this evil in our midst, America is doomed. Vote them out!!!
@ballardsigns @Aquaria27239067 @PWritesman @TeresaMayNot @BethLynch2020 @charliekirk11 @AOC Well, your rights are more important than another womans? If they are so good, why should we join a group that discriminates against the bible?
genuinely fuck this dumbass bitch
No thanks. Go back to Palestine please and take all your Zionist buddies with you. Shalom
Omar needs to be deported!
Niggas think just cause they fucked once they'll fuck again , first off that dick was trash & you should be in jail for that
The British will end the reign of the Religious Nuts in Iran, it just a matter of time now they just attacked the wrong Country this time.
Nevada Student Posts Racist Rant To Snapchat: 'N*ggers Burn In Hell' URL
I blame black people. Then white people. Then the bible belt. In that order.
Well will roast u till crunchy, like u do with ur poppadoms u Indian fuck
Yeah, go over there and raw dog syphillis bitch. Why? Yo don't want to? #WHAT A FUCKING BIGOT
Glad the German authorities have got it right . These Turkish Bulgarian kids did nothing wrong teaching uppity Aryan foid a lesson in multiculturalism
I want the girl with a stink pussy
fags are kiddie fuckers thats why, I used to support them, no more
It's really obvious in heavy metal. Thousands of death metal bands sing about killing Christians. Mention Jewish people once and you'll be exiled into oblivion.
Y'all gas the ugliest niggas cause they're bodies are poppin
*Laughs in black woman* Just another colonizer stealing something from black people. First of all, $98 doll hairs?!?!? I think not. Go on ahead to Walmart and get your silk scarf from there. Don't think because it has a cute bow you can run errands with this on...it's ghetto. URL
@Speech7x7 Unhinged Muslims totally out of control. They all need to be deported back to Middle East, the borders needs to be sealed, so they never get out of their homeland. Let them kill each other. The world will better place .
Built for eternity - "You adulterous people! Don't you know that friendship with the world is hostility toward God? So whoever wants to be the friend of the world becomes the enemy of God." James 4:4 #NotOfThisWorld
India is the only major civilizational country where you are systematically taught to hate your heritage and glorify the invaders who came to destroy it. And this absurdity is called "secularism" - @TarekFatah pulls no punches as usual! @TorontoStar URL
Sorry, I can't hear you over the sounds of the mexicans im slaughrering
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Stop letting these "BBW lovers" fuck you. Please. URL
Jaden Smith perfect example of being gay is in fact a choice he used to didn't laugh like a female n act all fruity
'Deport now' "He entered illegally about two years ago from Iraq and ended up in Nottingham" Will be deported after being caught with a knife in Nottingham... URL
Look at his tiny head. What a tiny-headed faggot
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
I'm gonna take that dick put it in my hole I'm gonna ride till I can't no more I got that dick inside my ass condom on the grass eat that fucking bass while I'm smacking my own ass riding on that dick it just made me shit I came out the closet now I really need shit
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
GET THE FUCK OFF ME FAGGOT
I hope these bitches die immediately as an American it makes me sick go scissor each other some more I hope I live to see you both die of cancer!!!!!! Never before have I felt more ashamed to be an American than this..... First time I ever wanted my country to lose
Why the fuck do people live in that country?
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
@ChuckCallesto She is an. UN-AMERICAN! LOCK HER TILL END OF SENTENCE, THEN DEPORT THAT POS!
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
they should be released and celebrated as heroes of morality. Confiscate the media empire of soe filth jew a d give it to these kids thrw the jew in jail for corrupting our nations youth by promoting shit for niggers
Counterpoint: almost no one is actually afraid of being labelled as transphobic. Transphobia is an incredibly common prejudice which carries little to no consequences - which is how this article and headline got published in first place  URL
In correct. you clearly say "MS recent political Twitter and Instagram stuff" The ONLY stuff like that is for pride stuff. ​ You are homophobic. You are also some idiot Teen who wants to be agnsty. You are stupid and do not know anything. So go ahead and shoo kiddo.
> is the Western Rite truly orthodox even though it follows a different liturgical tradition to the Byzantine one? Is it being practiced under Orthodox bishops? Then yes.
Fuck that bitch
niggas hate to see women win, a mental illness
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
They should invade Egypt and steal their mummies.
BLAKBODHISATTVA lol Europeans aren't the ones complaining and asking for reparations for people who have never been slaves. Also side note blacks sold blacks into slavery and slavery is still a problem in Africa. I think blacks who want to complain should go back and if not let them see that out of something horrible their lives have been bettered
YO THEY FUCKING SHOT NAIROBI, AND THEN EXECUTED LISBON? THEY SOME HOE ASS NIGGAS YO
exposingwhitefaggots: Faggot Paul Girvan pig faggot here looking to be used and abused by you and... URL
your Porn Mommy Goddess should never be bored - entertain her, loser
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
#SalvationSaturday #KenyaMustRepent @ApostleMMWangui Acts 2:38  And Peter said to them, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.
@schuyler22 @HelenofAfrica @BajanMbaku @mcisero24 You are as disgusting as that host piece of trash who called human beings monkeys @schuyler22.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
@TomiLahren I really wanna punch u in the neck u inconsiderate bitch. Ion even like callin women bitches but after that it's well deserved for u. U gotta special place in hell.
It is known that you guys are all about projection. I have no doubt you guys enjoy seeing your wives fucked by strangers. Now go clean up the semen left by other men you fucking cuckboy.
There's a lot of shit in there it's normal not to see the floor. Also ignore the gay shit.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
If you or they actually believed that the graduating class at West Point was made up of 30 people, all of whom were black women, then you all are unforgivably stupid.
@RanaAyyub Hey only because ur prophet was a pedophile. Doesn't mean that Muslim men should follow lead. You people are such inbred terrorists and represent everything bad from India to Europe to America. Wherever u guys go u spread ur stink.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
@tro lol. Instead of trolling take your pink behind outside and sunbathe. Instead of trolling go take a nice shower and take a sniff. You have no place talking to any black person because you are equivalent to 3rd degree burnt skin. White, frail, and rotten.
Good thing no one will ever have children with some trashy forever-teen edgelord, because it would be a real shame for you to destroy their one chance at having a normal healthy life like you destroyed yours
You black sack of wrinkly fags
A whole bunch of WHITE HATE......FUCK WHITE PPL, FUCK THE NBA, FUCK THE NFL. FUCK ALL YALL
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
GUYS CANT WIN. If he just tries to get to know a woman platonically first hes a rat little fuck who is pretending to be her friend just to get in her pants.
I blame the nasty Camel Jockey who wanted to start a race war by telling lies to the Black man.
Ungrateful parasite 'augustine',we are taking our Bharat back and we are going to reconvert you or throw you out.
She's a cop, fuck her
@FranticGra @theweeflea Actually, some Jewish movements have successfully made any criticism of Israel rampantly anti semitic. Its a.problem.
OP you're a faggot
Import people from a shithole, become a shithole.
All the wrongfully newly elected Congress women and evil Nancy Pelosi prove to be a bunch of fruitless lacking morals overloaded estrogen driven bitches! All of them are USELESS to any society!
Early Christians locked the doors during Liturgy so no one would break in and kill them. Now Christians will have to lock the doors so faggots won't break in desecrate the church
Bunch of triggered fucks on here that can't accept that so many mass shootings were done by white people
Shut... the.. entire.. fuck.. UP YOU JUST HAD UR LAME ASS MOM FIGHT MY FRIEND U MARK ASS PUSSY ASS COP CALLING BITCH
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
BOYCOTT ALL GAMER GIRLS. We dont need them fellas. Im telling you! You havent seen a true bitch until youve played Ark and met a gamer girl on there.
Some of you need girlfriends to hold you down. Honestly. You're a menace to society. You being single is very bad. Very very bad. The whore in you will unleash unspeakable evil.
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Time to BOMB IRAN
Tyga is a faggot. Not to mention a child molester
@ChurchofSatan @Millie__Weaver @JagermeisterUSA So of you love satan, go rape little girls, Drink blood and consume Andrechrome. Torture children like satanists and moloch worshippers do. And then when your done you kill them drain thier blood- drug of choice. That is what the name satan Stands for. Enjoy being lumped together
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
@TopGunMovie @TomCruise Thank you for not replacing Tom Cruise with a non-binary, multi-racial alien.
@publicmasturb8r ugly ass dyke ass annoying ass short ass having bich
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
I guess he does not care about God since he did NOT swear on the Bible that he "walked" on the moooon LOL
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
HOW ABOUT BAN UR FUCKING MOTHER? FUKIN ACID RAINBOW FAGGOT LOL
I think it's somewhat oppressive that our society's main view of sex is PIV sex, and that a large portion of men would outright refuse to be with someone who refused to have PIV sex with them. It's, more or less, "have PIV sex, or have a very high chance of never having love or a long term relationship".
I wished you dumb bitches would stop speaking on shit you know nothing about!
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Wombs for rent - Scores of Jamaican women advertising to be surrogates in booming multimillion-dollar business URL via @jamaicagleaner
retards. My god are these people ducking retarded. Maybe your girl will lose interest in your fat dumbass cause these people are pieces of shit. I don't mistreat my girl and I don't even talk down on her.
Obviously the nigga, women aren't sexual objects they can say no even if they've fucked you before
Also to get over my anxiety apparently men just have to be disgusting pigs and I immediately threaten their life
Hey if they didnt want to be raped they shouldnt have had their parents bring them to the border to legally claim asylum.
Systemic oppression from childhood that separated families so that the only type of men who could be idolized were men who exhibited self destructive hyper masculine behavior coupled with the ideal that black men must be fuck machines and thusly require a massive amount of food to constantly be fucking.
Man, your the result of an incest, it's clear , your too much stupid and disabled
Sure. Keeping clean is a "religion". How white trashy do you have to believe that? I bet your home is a pigsty.
This is why a lot of women are afraid of men because people saying shit like " I hope you find a 6'5 guy to fuck you like the slut you are before he slits your throat. ". Get some mental help dude. Or get out of your basement and go find a hobby.
I refuse to let a nigga dressed like this beat my ass URL
Sala chup . You want congress British boot lickers and Italians to rule India ? Hell no!
@BettyWBC So fuck ya, and the fags nobody cares . Its just people you never took time with. Got a neighborhood of fag haters. And a fag house looking at ya
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Only the loyal niggas show off their babes today
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
+Ashley Lawton if y'all don't want immigrants let's begin by stopping the flow of weapons into Mexico.. You're being lied to by your own people
I refuse to let a nigga dressed like this beat my ass URL
I'm tired of these ugly bald head bitches always speaking on some shit they know nothing about.
She make da whole dick disappear once I fuck I b like yuck I wish this bitch disappear
Yup. If it's 106 you can get 3 trophies everyday.
+zelo biased well he told his followers to eat his flesh n drink his blood....thats some satanic sounding shit if ya ask me...btw my initial comment was just to highlight the hypocrisy.
Holy fucking shit, ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS HAVE NO BUSINESS TRYING TO BREAK INTO OTHER PEOPLE'S HOMES. They all need to immediately be detained and deported. You don't get to break into someone else's home just because you have children with you. These people all need to go back to where they came from, immediately. They don't belong here and are not welcome.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
My second load for today was for the Undies the first load I shot in the hairy ass of @Chris63110DE   #cum #dick #jerkoff #masturbate #bate #gay URL
Keep begging cunt you know niggers like you owe white men your lives
EVERY SINGLE BROWN PERSON KNOWS WHAT "Go back to your own country!" means BUBBA YOU INBRED SHIT HEEL!
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Well yea internet losers are exactly why stupid and shallow women like her get so rich from social media
Don't worry, I'm sure social justice morons will create an Iron Woman, lesbian of course.
If he was from where they were from he'd be dead
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Women are giving you more attention because they mistook the sexual dating market with the actual dating market. In these days, most women chase the top 20% of guys in their young days to fuck with and then come back to guys like you to get children and settle down. You have to ask yourself if you are fine with a deal like that. The only reason why they are with you is because you can provide for them, they dont love you. Its up to you to decide if that is enough.
Comparing abortion to the systematic killimgs of the jewish people is just spitting on their grave. Go to hell, you opportunistic pieces of shits
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
the other day when that guy in japan went apeshit with a knife and killed 2 people. if that lunatic were here in the states, well, you know what would happen because it happens almost weekly.
Sexy body I want to play with them tits and fuck you.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
She Just Wanna Fuck She In My Ear Talkin Allat Rah Rah Bitch I Dont Care
This woman doesn't even know her. Chris get these women under control. One at a time speak. Shut up you blond bimbo
@Sonofspam64. There won't be a fight, Israel already considers Iran a national threat so they will use everything they have to completely neutralize Iran. You need to get off this crap about Trump and Putin, when it was Obama sucking Putin off everyday he was in the white house. Putin to Obama. I am going to invade Crimea what you going to do about it you big pussy. Obama in a child's voice "nothing." Putin - Good boy, now get down on your hands and knees and suck me off pussy.
If you were my daughter I would make you dress extremely slutty for me. That makes Daddy's cock really fucking hard.
Your IQ is somewhere in the low 20s if you think this LGBT garbage is JUST about homosexuality.
Fucking xians can suck my motherfucking dick.
I thought the immigrants were bringing them in . so tRUMP lied they are already in the US and tRUMPs friends are incharge . EAT SHIT tRUMP supporters and fucking die ASSHOLES
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
May be a muslim fellow can mix poison in food. If they can plan to mix poison in PRASAD and lakes, what is the big deal to mix poison in a food delivery. Second, they get the cel numbers of hindu girls and starts flirting. @ZomatoIN Stop it or we will #boycottzomato @Swamy39 URL
They couldn't give a shit about the math. It's the Homosexual's manufactured outrage at the way faggots were treated in that era......as they try to sell the public a moral equivalency to the Jewish Holocaust, with "NeverAgain (will a fag suffer)"
Well once these 'Migrants' realize that they won't be getting into the US ,they'll most likely run off and try to 'settle' for Mexico . And its only a matter of time before they do .Going back home is not their first option .So congratulations libtards , you screwed our neighbors over big time lol
Colt is an obvious incel/ misogynistic type guy. Hw doesn't repsect women and gives me gross out vibes. This is why I keeps saying foreign women. No American would tolerate this creepiness.
How about no. Fuck boys will be boys shit  URL
The Nazis were Christian. Sit on it, trash
Nothing like a mass murder by a white supremacist to bring all the GOP shit stains out into the street vomiting up prayers before turning around to feed the next batch of neo-nazis and prostrate themselves at the feet of the NRA.
To be charitable to this Russian cunt a bullet in the back of his head would be.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
im so mad at namjoon fck you u intelligent nature lover witty big titted melanin owner social justice fighter lgbtq+ defender fire raps spitter cute dimpled long legged polyglot multitalented clumsy friendly bonsai father fck u
Because you have a small dick and cant satisfy her
Thousands jumping the fence to get into our cruel, in-humane concentration camps!
@IlhanMN You should know the reason muslims have so many gay men. Think, women are not treated as equal. Most of the women are killed or in prison. All the men hang around with each other. They bath together, eat together, talk together. No hole to put their pecker in. They're gonna b gay
So basically you want someone to come to you and let you best them. You are a Faggot AND a pussy
Obama/Holder/Kerry/Brenna/Jarrett/Hillary opened the floodgates to foreign enemy nations and flooded them into the USA recruiting Jihadist in Michigan & U.S. prisons and now we're threatened by IRAN!
ITT: Cunt spits in Ape Retard's face Ape Retard pries door open, knocks Cunt unconscious, kicks Cunt's head into concrete, and screams "nigger" three times while evading the scene. What the fuck, Ape Retard needs to be charged
Terminator: Rise of the feminists
Stop using birth control stupid whores. It makes it harder to have children in the future. And have kids when ur young not 45 yr old like that couple so ridiculous
That's just cause you're a faggot
All racism is disgusting. The fact you think antisemitism should get more preference than any other racism is discrimination, favortism, individualism and racism too. Israel expelling Blacks, Colonizing Palestine, been an apartheid genocidal state is Racism. #SWaGodKing
See that's why I don't fuck around this hoe need to be shot in the head or thrown under the jail... URL
@Yogi Bear. As long as Israel is alive, bloodsheds will continue. The only way out is to destroy Zionism from the earth.
I will fucking bite your dick off, spit it in your mouth and make you choke to death on your own dick.  DO NOT FUCKING APPROACH WOMEN
Poor bitch, you need a slap , a hard tight slap that reminds you of the useless slut you are  And surely those tits are gonna be flogged too
But it ISN'T a white majority country. That needle tipped 10 years ago.  You go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from.
What you've said in this thread is literally just ​ "Women are superficial" someone argues against you, and you just go "nuh uh, you're wrong" Then you call all women evil while being part of the group that thinks women are some kind of hivemind without any other preferences that the mythical "chad"
No thanks homo
form the sound of it i guess ur black welp it can't be helped well try to act like a pussy or maybe smart
ugly time magazine. They have dalits and street defecators writing their articles who are now crying like bitches. Nowonder Pakistan hid Osama for 10 years while eating $50 billion dollars in aid. What greater gift to india is there than this. Pakistan humiliated America bahahah
Cuckold çift URL
Suck my fuckin dick dude
I am white I am white I am white. Fuck you racist pieces of shit mods. Get the fuck out of here
*ABORT BLACK BABIES*
I'd dip my cock in your cunt, then in your ass, and have you clean it with your wet mouth after. Fucking slut.
Cool. Fuck your racist ass you cunt
@realDonaldTrump 6 dead children in your concentration camps. Fk ur wall of murder
Go back to CTH, chapo fag.
If you see a desperate and starving woman & your first thought is to put your penis into her mouth rather than food, you're a disgrace to the human race. If you're a human rights organisation supporting the exploitation of vulnerable women then you should be disbanded immediately
I'll spit on that pussy
I'd certainly cut your dick off to titfuck this chick
if u aint a christian ima stab u in the face
fags talk to girls; real men post and rate pictures of men's physiques URL
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
please go back into hiding your month is over now it's not okay to be gay
I don't pay hookers but I'm not some moralizing faggot who thinks I'm any better than those who do.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
If immigrate to america learn american values and language, quickly ! Dont be here 20 yrs like lady cant speak word english ( after 20yrs in usa. Lazy !
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Go fuck your self fag ..theres always these fuckin people who text "first" ya dude we see it every god damn time on a youtube channel....FUCK YOU AND YOUR MOMMA
Why is it ok for Disney to cast based on area or culture unless it's white?
TIL only the left medicates their kids. Also, incel as a pejorative isn't about not getting laid, it's about being a antisocial joke of a person.
abandon the chair, it wasnt yours anyway to begin with. just likw that mexican judge that looked whitw, and spoke more english thhan trump,,trump told him to go be proud in mexico...Hey black man, where will he send you? Guinea Africa? youve all been fondled with after all your hard work...why? are you comortable now?
@lisastayshard I would love 2 use your cum & beat my dick with it as lube & when i cum i'll swallow my own nutt & then wipe your cum from my dick into my then then into my mouth i love drinking dead children
eat my ass hoe
treytown530 nigga u gay shut your cocksucking mouth
I put my dick in a bag of Doritos and made this nigga bitch suck the dust off the tip
Statistically speaking it will be one white male who is socially isolated and has been expressing feeling of anger, isolation and uselessness on social media and maybe interacting with right wing websites/forums. Lets wait an hour and see how much of that Venn diagram he falls into.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
America should vsnisgh from the earth. That would be cool. Just stay in your country. Please. Idiots
Pretty pathetic lol Use this moment to improve yourself , get fit and dress better and start attracting real women  At least you should know how to fuck that will help
gay people should die
Difference between Hinduism and Islam.... One is represent humanity while second is Atrocity ! URL
Danile be trying to talk spanish but she dont even understand me as a Latina dont accept this who else this disrespectful
Trump on his reaction to white supremacists: "i'm concerned about the rise of any type of hate. i don't like it. any type of supremacy, whether it's white supremacy or antifa..."
A faggot is also a bundle of sticks bound up for use as kindling, so when I call someone that, I'm not disparaging their sexuality at all. I mean that *I actually want to tie that person up and set them on fucking fire.*
Another fundie that refuses to do the job, so should lose it.
#Faggots are the best thing on the planet.... and they are made by #BRAINS.  They probably have bits of #BRAINS in them too... so they might be classed as #NUTRITIOUS. Is this the part, Aiden, where you reveal that you are in fact a #VEGAN? #FAGGOTS URL
People that condone this kind of behavior are just as stupid as this female. There are kids here. Have some respect. You're not breastfeeding, you're doing this for clout. Put her ass on the sex offender list. URL
@HumanEvents @sicarbone_ He's such a despicable fuck! The anti-Semitic detritus, Valerie Plame,who blames all the woes of the world..the wars..on the Jews, suggested identifying them and publicly shaming.She went so far as to use a coffee mug with his image emblazoned on it as her Twitter pic.>
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Fuck you jewish cunts and US lapdogs.
you fucking faggot
For what? Being a faggot?
Fuck a bitch
Who cares what it costs. Im Jew with big Jew money. We will stand with israel even if America is destroyed
this is why everyone hates white people in america !
Yeah I second this question. Like how fucking stupid are you? Is your God or whoever you believe in, gonna save your child from fatal illnesses? Doubt it.
@RT_com Fuck @IsraeliPM @Israel @israelpolice yall can eat shit n Die
Grab the pregnant female illegal Aliens. Let them have their baby in their own country.
@TiaBarricini @realDonaldTrump @SwedishPM Send them back they don't belong here. They're invaders and should be shot on sight breaking into my country. Take your paycheck and go feed them and keep your paws off mine. You don't like it here then go.
You deserve it you invader scum, you're the people who funded islamists in Afghanistan
"I want these people to die in their own countries from the violence we've caused, or at least die waiting in line to get in. Come on let's be civil!" Fuck off and die
WHITE SUPREMACIST BUT HATES WHITE MILK LOL
This is ironic as Israel wants to be the first Zionist Jewish ethno state and all these blacks are getting booted out. lul
+Kiki Melendez I don't know. Ask the middle easterners that they're gang raping and murdering. Dumbass
@StefanMolyneux Or, hear me out, how about you stop telling women what the fuck to do with their lives? Women are not incubators. Thanks.
I'd eave the outfit on and fuck her tits through that zip, then rip everything off with my teeth and pound all her holes, then gotta give that slut every drop of cum all over her face
gay people should die
And probably a nigger
Nobody even knows if they are really the children of those who they say they are. Come on. get real. The word is out. There's no more danger along the way here? Separating children from their parents? We shouldn't be accountable for the droves of people rushing the border. Sick? Bringing whatever it is into America? The words out. As for those Sociodemocrats, you're more of a hindrance than a resolve. As a country, we would be far better off without you. I would expect my walking papers if I were you...
May Allah destroy all the blasphemer around the world!  May Allah destroy the Qadyani's Rabwah center! #قادیانی_دنیاکابدترین_کافر #FridayThoughts #JummahMubarak
What dick is that good to make a bitch act like this?
Thats porkistan you turd flinging monkey . Stop spreading lies you imbecile . I wonder why paki skanks dont abort their children more you porkistani scum are disgusting dirty shit reaking scum. Paki sluts are the best for practicing to fuck espexailly the conservatives one lol. I know so many Hindu men butt fucking porkistani skanks that are married and throat fucking them . Paki women love sucking our lund while dread the thought of even touching you inbred low iq beta porkistani insecure male.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Drown in your hypocrisy. Not once have you shown any empathy for victimised Muslism women, nor do you provide any source for your GARBAGE assertion Muslims can still learn from evil people who harmed Muslims. Where's you get that? What's your one lone reference? Why do you ignore the ayah of Qiyam bilQist and the Hadith of a Muslim's honour being greater than the Ka'bah? Run away, you little child, and one day maybe you'll weep when your own daughter or sister is vicgtimised by a Munafiq pig.
@1realogson Dead ass lame ass niggas man
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
There are no chick with dicks only guys with tits
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@ScottyRex22 America my foot. Racist bastards
@Harry Balls there's no such thing as black people. Israelites are not envious of disgusting white people who burn in the sun and get boils and lice. You came from cavemen, and still are cavemen. Your destiny is 1,000 years of slavery, and then God will destroy you. God literally calls you satan in the bibe, the man of sin, the antichrist, the HEATHEN.
@Wilsonbrendan02 re- reading ur tweet i noticed that you clearly have the wrong definition of homophobia. the word phobia in this context is being used in a dramatic form. not an ACTUAL phobia, dumb ass. URL
I hate them all. All religion is a man made construct in a sad attempt at understanding life and asserting control over chaos.
These Niggas Suck.
This is why religion is dead. The leaders that care about people and show compassion and morals get arrested and the Evangelical scum that supports Trump collects hordes of money from their sheeple.  URL
don't fw these nigga cause they be on some hoe shit
Fuck Islam we should actually fight it
Ugly stupid bitch
Do you understand why the Palestinians don't trust you? You have funded settlements in the West Bank. You've moved US embassy to Jerusalem. You've cut all aid to Palestinians including hospitals, and you've shut down their diplomatic office in Washington. URL
you're an absolute Autistic Cuck bucket
@wasifali665 So fuck rich niggers
I'm gonna breed that slutty bitch again. Fucking her raw and without limits until her pussy is gaped and so flooded with cum, it will be claimed as mine forever.
If you a grown ass man don't be tweeting your every thought/feeling of every moment of your life, shits weird and a female tendency. Dudes be cappin on the media.
Cum guzzling faggot why are you here.?  you got no likes on your comment LOL go back down on your knees and shut the fuck up
i hate a bitch that don't listen
He just got shot bye a white man
@IlhanMN, since all you know how to do is spew the proverbial diarrhea by your hate for America, do America a favor and crawl back to Somalia and live in your little cage like a rabid rat. Ilhan Omar Slams America to 400 High School Students as 'Unjust' URL
For being such a filthy, worthless bitch I'd make sure to abuse your tits until you'd beg me to stop, then rape your disgusting cunt until you cry.
I bet she's a feminist extremist who would call every local news source and email the Huff post if a man breathes by her
Shutup faggot but the Sam Hyde joke is better than most edits I've seen of this
Muslims should be treated like their counter parts in China...... Only way to control this epidemic of sick & diseased mentation..... @asadowaisi URL
I'll vote to cut all gay peoples head that's what America need to do to prevent Americans face judgment day curse God Almighty's. Take all gay peoples out of America wipe them out.
It amazing how the 2 non white in the lower left corner are chanting.... hmmm time to look in the mirror and question where your ancestors are from.
Bruh! Only thing these "self proclaimed incels" have to do is physically speak to these females in person. If she shuts you down move on to the next, get used to rejection you fucking pussy!!! So many females out here giving away sex man it's ridiculous, these assholes are making up excuses to form a group only to make them feel comfortable with being afraid to communicate with females. They're more comfortable sitting behind their computers talking to men. Kinda suspect if you ask me.
Your entire religion was founded by a pqedophile ...how about that ? Hahahah
-Women are already highly vocal about how much they hate being hit on. How do I know if someone will already have a negative opinion of my purely because I approached them in public? - This is humble bragging bullshit women say. They complain just as loudly if not more when they DO NOT get hit on after 50 or if they are fat. Don't listen to them
@KiTT FOXXE iranian people are aryan dumbass...the race you wish you were
@CndsVSTrudeau @Lots_Of_Fun_69 But try to teach anything about the Bible and you will be lynched by libtards.
You stupid fucking bitch, you're not inspiring anybody, you blew up because men are horny useless rats. You're also not a kind person. You work for ICE. You're taking part in a modern day concentration camp. Fuck you. URL
i hate the way you niggas think bruh, y'all selfish asfff
Fuckin weeaboos.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
Illegal immigrants have no rights lol deport them please get them outta here there criminals
lmao is this real? >Walter(Owen's Grandp >@walterowensgrpa >[16m](URL >Replying to [@BarackObama](URL >Wow sir ,,look's as if your "Obamacare" has got to him too ,,, please stop trying to make this country more equal,, was equal enough before the immicants started taking everything away from us Native Americans who were born here !!! Our ancestors did not come here for this !!
Tell the bitch to suck what's left
The "religion of piss" strikes again I see  BBC News - Mali attack: '100 killed' in ethnic Dogon village URL
This guy is supposed to be the liberal face of Islamic State of Pakistan...this idiot barrister won't say how 210 million Paki Mujahids got their butts kicked by Windies and Australia who are kafirs & a fraction of paki population. Another piece of Paki shit. URL
White supremacists are already enlisted, for a chance to kill brown people for ideological reasons. Not only is that horrifying in and of itself, but that evil always eventually comes back home to roost. URL
Fuck a land invasion- this is 2019. Send in our weaponized insect-drones and wipe out all them terrorists.
You mean a true worthless cunt and stupid
Trump hopes more Latinos are murdered, and he will continue to guide his supporters to commit acts of terrorism.
Fuck US for the coup that killed our people. Fuck US we know they are Islamophobic and racist country kick them out of Turkey
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
hahaha funnyy repost haha fuck you faggot fuck fuck you are so fucking like you dumb bitsch
we all know she was killed by black bastard thugs raised by single parent welfare skank whores. but they will blame it on a chtistian organization like the ku klux klan
@TomiLahren well you know TOMI not all of us had the benefit of our ancestors eradicating native peoples so they could settle their genocidal asses upon their lands.
@RafaelMandelman @kimmaicutler @AmyAlex63 @sfplanning Rafael Mandelman, champion of gender equity, mansplaining to better-informed women and then telling them to shut up
Lets be honest they hate whites for not completely opening up our borders ans supporting all of South America the middle east and Africa
Disgusting Asian mentality where the women have to do everything. If he was so tired of her being late why didn't he helped her instead and sped things up. But no only women must do everything. Stupid ideology certain men have.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
bro if you keep fuckin vibin with me i SWEAR imma fuckin THROAT your dick
@clew71 @BillOReilly Don't know about you, but I've been here my whole life. 47 years. Which is more than many native Americans. So get lost with that BS. The Indians didn't lose this country to immigrants. They lost to conquerors, as many countries have. What a stupid argument this is.
@Aabhas24 But these 'devil people' are their own mullahs and family members. And they're raping cows dogs and goats as well these devil people. Next they ll cover all animals in a burkha tent.
Elect a stupid woman, get a stupid woman.
Wtf is wrong with some of you people. If you don't care about women's rights at least have some pride for your country. This is the NATIONAL Women's soccer team we're talking about here. And they're champions, for a bunch of people that don't appreciate them. smh
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Suck that fuckin' black dick bitch! URL
No one ask you faggot.
From a girl that just discovered she was a girl, I'll gladly take on the title of lesbian in your place c: Congrats dude! I'm proud of you
maybe if all you baby murdering sluts would keep your legs closed and quit letting guys nut up in your stank pussy you wouldn't have a baby to have to kill
This women really believes she is going somewhere with the presidency. Stupid , lying Jamaican-American women.  STOP PRETENDING TO BE A BLACK AMERICAN OR AFRICAN AMERICAN.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
This bitch is beyond retarded
@LaReynaMTY8 Fuck her relentlessly?
DON'T WASTE THE GAS SENDING THEM BACK. THEY CAME ILLEGALLY & INTENTIONALLY!!! THROW EM IN A GIANT WOOD CHIPPER AND AIM THE SHOOT BACK OVER THE BORDER!
If you want Mexico , move there you stupid fucks. They should all be arrested.
URL This woman is the WORST thing that's happened to Europe since 1934! She is part of the NWO, SHITTING on her German population allowing MILLIONS of Muslims. Germany WILL be an Islamic caliphate within 15 years! Angela Merkel is A DISGRACE!  #Dummy #MAGA
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
I wish a bitch would Ima whopping they ass
Hey Evangelicals, how about getting your heads out of the Bible and into a US History book? URL
These women are trash.
@majorgauravarya @SMQureshiPTI These porkie bastards can kill their own by any means just to put blame on India. These infidels r protecting global terrorists, blackmailing all and putting whole humanity to shame. It's high time that India should stop talking to them via PC even. Keep pounding them
I wanna yank her off that bed and push her to her knees and start face fucking her real good! That's a good little fucking whore! Suck it till I'm dry!
Oh yeah, and mabye you'll realise that gender is tied to sex and that your just a copeing faggot in denial
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Fuck off faggot why u need subs ass sucker
Black trans women in Middle Eastern countries don't have a life expectancy at all. URL
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Less porn and more whore houses. That should sort out their incel gunmen.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
DEPORT YOUR VIRGINS WOMEN LIKE ELLEN FANNING TO BOLIVIA. WE WILL GIVE THEM FREE LANDS
Do you talk like this all this time? In real life? You call me retarded but you may literally have Aspergers.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Yep, very sad. This is the perfect example of how pieces of shit like this are normalizing hate. They want to make it acceptable to call people queers and other slurs. It's okay because he was jUzT kIdDiNg GuYz!!11!! The hatred a good portion of Crowder's audience has for women, LGBTQ people, and non-whites is no joke. Then he instills more hatred and bitterness in the sheep by dog whistling to their persecution complexes when he whines about censorship. Crowder knew what he was doing every step of the way.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
I don't remember letting the niggers roam today... They'll be punished with the whip and my cock. Hopefully my seed takes and dilutes their negro blood, might make the next batch of slaves a bit less dumb.
Honestly I'm so tired of these ugly white men killing innocent people just because they're unhappy in their own pasty ugly white skin. They should be put in cages fucking white devils.
Iran has never been chill you fucking assholes forget the history must be sucking dick and forgetting everything else fucking faggot third worlders
LOL super sensitive talks all kinds of shit on YouTube and when you track the location they go quiet suck that dick faget suck it real good like the proud homosexual you are you sperm dumpster baby raping child molester
Loool says the chinese cock gagging degenerate.Funny u say that considering your origins are the same.Now go beg for funds to build dams or to get C grade teams to tour the terrorist harbinger of inbreds where teams are shot if they visit to play.Jennaaaaab.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Fuck her totally then dump her ass.
*I hate fucking minorities
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
first they shamelessly sucked ussr cock, now its usa's cock [pathetic]
Ahh yes, only brave people need to go slaughter poor brown people overseas to feel safe!
This is our 2015 migrant crisis, and no one is coming to help us, just as it was in Europe. Only countries with borders and balls were saved. All others will be perma-browned in the next generation, and they will all suffer the globalist fate.
fuck me in the psych ward
It's a proven fact that all warriors fans are gay, if your homie wearing a curry Jersey leave his bitch ass at the home, dont need that embarrassment around, if you wearing a curry Jersey you might as well wear a sign that say hey I take it in the ass
OP IS LITERALLY THE REASON THIS COMMENT WAS MADE! If people can get away with people for them being genetically "lesser" what does that mean for literally any minority? "Gay people are a burden on society 'cause they don't reproduce" *so let's kill them!* I understand this logic but I don't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds. If you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that's on you, but this IS literally fucking genocide.
niggas don't do shit but feed me lies and I act like a believe em
What a nasty cunt
Martin Rangel Try germany , sweden , etc . Islamics , africans , rape and crime .... God bless America , go Trump !
@niyathebrat @aaliyahhadidxo If ya nigga cheat it's cause u should kill yourself u stupid bitch
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Maybe what saves him from death... was because there is no god... I think if there was a god he woulda been executed... ... fuckin religion is so retarded
The White authorities are using R Kelly to attack private and consensual relationships between Black People. It's racism but these simple ass niggas can't see and feel we are at War with White folk.
It took my nine days to consume her body. I did not fuck her, though I could have had I wished. She died a virgin.
Hatice Kursat America was invaded by Europeans. For five hundred years the American people have suffered unspeakable crimes commited by the european invaders. They are pedophiles. Murderers. Terrorists. Their governments are corrupt. Here in all of the America's. In Africa and Australia
the truth always comes out cause bitches mouthy
You're a fake ass bitch, i don't fucking like you and you shouldn't even be here
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
I hate our society. Sensitive bunch a cunts. Get over it.
Nigga, you blogging from a project basement  Gully ain't worried about your broke bum ass. You a whole 35+ grown ass nigga with struggle braids, grey hairs in ya chin, and a dusty hat talking about other men. Get a job you pathetic ignant ass dusty nigga.  Real niggaz don't talk about what they going to do over YouTube, they just do it! You dumb ass nigga
Most polluted river and they worship it as a god Millions of cows rotten and wander on the roads of cities and villages and yes they worship them as their mothers = god *this is how we treat gods*
You'll know a bitch for years and she'll still fuck wit your opps that's why it's always been fuck y'all bitches
Yeah man the guy posting on the "black people are getting too uppity" subreddit has a lot of friends. Once again, put a gun in your mouth you obese shut in
>Scabs said he's a 'suuuper lazy lover in the sack' so no wonder this Mexican bitch with her fake ass and tits and face is off catching loads from every pencil dick in Hollywood. ​ She's so insanely basic, but Schrawb loves that kind of basic personality to go with his.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Trump is right. We need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out. And then build a wall so they can't get back in. Then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Some sort of manslaughter, probably. Assuming they're white.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
This is Israel's war keep America out of it. Fight your own wars you cowards.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT FAKE APOLOGY'S. WHAT IS WRONG WITH WHITE FOLKS. YOU THINK YOU CAN SAY SORRY ABOUT RACISM WHEN YOU GET CAUGHT. BIDEN, WARREN, BERNIE ARE RACIST LIKE KILLARY AND DUMP!!!!
Call me what i am, a dirty faggot whore sissy slut xxx
You cunts talk like virgins.. So not convinced.
Fuck her, piece of shit
And when you do, start killing the muslims. Unless you want your hands cut off.
'Not gonna lie sir, probably not much you're girl looks really hot, but she's probably some bitch who gets sex and leaves when she sees some won better'
Nevada Student Posts Racist Rant To Snapchat: 'N*ggers Burn In Hell' URL
I will. And then, let me inside a finger in your ass while I'm sucking your clit
If a God exists, fuck God. I don't want to go to your heaven you sick cunt
Let the DESTRUCTION begin. @swedense You guys are freaking weak for letting That f...ing black monkey out without letting him go to prison for at least 6 years. Keep those black low lifes out our country. All those freaking blacks worthless maggots.
fucking stupid ass dumb fucking bitch
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Please extradite your shitheads who shot Big Papi and poisoned Americans with wood alcohol in their drinks
A bunch of women vs puny metrosexual hipster. Invigorating. I think I'll just stay home and watch the grass grow. Let me know when a men's action movie is actually made.
Any country that comes across Iranian boat should sink it
@IlhanMN We're not racist, we don't believe in incestuous marriage period. All you play is a pigment card every 30 minutes. Our mission now is getting you home to Somalia. You lied & broke the law, after we opened our door to feed you, educate you, & care for your needs, nice thanks lady.
@gaywonk @YouTube Shut your faggot beaner ass up
I think imma write a song and it's gone go. My Nudes are pretty like a storm  Ringing the dudes I'm the alarm  She's a hillbilly, she's from the farm  Snatch your nigga cause this bussy is armed  Dick longer than a python  Got bitches playing teen titans
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Fucking bitches, getting money.
..It's hard to supply Toothbrushes and Toilet Paper with instructions in Spanish. Also we need a higher tax on the American people to pay for the other 150 Million coming form South America for some free healthcare and Toiletries.Maybe we could provide ships to pick up illegals in Europe and bring them to one of our better concentration camps..
kmt who gassed these faggots
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Im sick of this shit, they have to turn everything gay LGBT should be illegal
Lmaooo, your clitty is such a micropenis that it doesn't even need a cage to look like a sissyclit. What a mindless little breeding bitch.
Get fucked they should be shot and killed for crossing illegally, all of them.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Fellas is it gay to save the earth?? Lotta dicks on earth
I took ONE look at him and I can see he's gay! #tohavecharlotte
wtf how retarded are you guys. Asking "does size matter" is sexist or wrong huh.
please dont support kamala harris just bc shes a woman of color she is not for the people please do your research before settling on someone just bc they're a minority
Get your virgin ass off my shit bitch
I was raped and I have difficulty overcome my sexual inferiority m. I wanna slice myself. FUCK THOSE DIRTY OLD MEN!!!!!!
Them r gay
@annamaywan All men are shit.
I don't believe in God and hell but if you are Cristian acroding to your rilegion you will go to hell its not my problem you re using your job prostitution (whore!) to insulating my mother if you don't respect your self how do you expect others do
watch out terrorists and neighbouring countries, this guy's gonna kick yo asses!
>Pretty bold to presume this is Joeys doing.       Pretty fucking ignorant you are. Watch an episode or two then maybe open your mouth. Fuck you. Fuck your mother.       >Its like banning jackets because people put drugs in the pockets.      You literally just invented a new form of autism with that comparison. Fuck your whore dad to btw.
Beat her faggot ass
If Al Sharpton is what's right in this country, then the America we know & love is indeed gone. A race baiter(Freddy's), a liar (Tawana) & an unapologetic anti semite who led a pogrom against Jews in Crown Heights. These are FACTS. No amount of pandering changes that Senator. URL
How about just GTFO and nuke Saudi Arabia?
@Ali Razi of course but we do not change their gender as your Satanic religious leaders do.
What the hell is wrong with you? Retarded? Gay? Gay and retarded? You sound like a idiot?
Awwww is your cock twitching? Did I give you an awkward boner at the breakfast table?!  #mistress #orgasmcontrol #chastity #dominatrix #findomme #cuckold #cuck URL
Dumb broad. There is no way around validating her statement because everything she's speaking in incoherent babble & it's women like this that loooove to breed like rabbits
Because her dad lets her yell insults at adult nerds? She's possibly the least gay kid of her generation and is bringing bullying back. She deserves an award. Weird people who do weird shit should be fucked with until they kill a bunch of people.
@DrSaniaMaan Nissan is insulting all the hindus by Naming their Noodles as Ramen, the synonym for Roman which is Urban Naxal organisation, planning the genocide of Hindus, they want India to be Oslamist state, jago Hindu jago #BoycottNissan ~ Indian @vindiesel
Mostly it's crazy white women that are more privileged than %99.999 the rest of the world. And the dumbass men that follow their lead hoping to get some ass.
i swear some men online are really dumb, guys if a woman wants to see your lower half she will ask you for it, why do some men just send dick pix to a woman without her asking first, guys do you think that woman is going to drop to her knees and get wet cause of that..disgusting.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
@lorraineSW1 @MailOnline Not even the death penalty is good enough for this ISIS Islamic scum
every june straight people give me more and more reasons to hate them
@GnasherJew @nickystar911 @UKLabour @LabLeftVoice I wouldn't pay any attention. She lectures Holocaust survivors about antisemitism and posts neo Nazi material to deny antisemitism. And that's just for starters. Entire timeline is a racist mess URL
Well, I see nothing wrong with that.  I do think it's wrong he's a piece of shit who actively discriminates women, so I really doubt he'll be born "a chad" in his next life as he hopes. He'll be lucky to be born a cockroach.
why are u here dirty ass rat ass hoe ass slut ass crusty ass dusty ass dumpster juice ass bottom of the barrel trash bag ass bitch
this is for @ SMTOWNGLOBAL u big fat white nasty smelling fat btch why you took me off the m@therfcking schedule with ur trifling dirty white racist ass u big fat oompa loompa body ass bitch i'm coming up there and i'm going to beat the fck out of u btch and don't even call the p
Sounds like you're a brain dead disgrace on the black community  Thugs, idiots, ratchets, gays, all need to be purged from the black community so we can regain our place in this world. 2/3rds not gonna make it
@BhaavnaArora Gud that they left India... Our country is more safe now let them use their degrees to make suicide vests.
Petition to commit genocide on horny niggas
Good, im sure morons just like her will be the only ones to follow her which is a good thing cause these idiots dont need to be conceiving anyways
A bunch of armchair christians on here turning yet another blind eye to adultery to save face with their political alignment.
I think first the world will have to put down Nazi America
That take them to somewhere in the mountains of China to teach them the pain of real deprivation... No tendies no vidya and the lolis will shoot you
Max, STFU. Have some fucken respect for this legend M.E.J. he's a grown man n can do what ever he likes. Don't have to tell anyone shit including crybaby James. Maybe just his family n that's it. STFU max trying to start shit. N max do u really talk like this like a douche in real life. Fuckin white trash, white , eat ur majo max n stay in ur lane. Put some RESPEK on Magic's name bitch.
Christ killers are not arbiters of morality
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Millions are spent every year by a few chosen people to pretend to be praying on #NationalPrayerBreakfast. No need of spending all that money on fakeness I suggest such a day & that money can be channeled to hunger stricken or build a school. Otherwise, wastage!
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
p al don't let too many Muslims in your country like the United States has and you won't have that problem or should I say the bastard children of Abraham
This cunt speak for Black people and BTW Trump gonna win period!!!
Kill xirself you tranny sjw
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
I hate colonizers, what the fuck is Israel?? Bitch I'll kill you
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU MONGOLOID
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now fucking take it, cry all you want that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boipussy apart he'll only stop when he is done & shoots his huge load deep inside. URL
dont you get it melbourne,people are being drugged and infected into mental illness by the authorities all molestors in your city and its all being covered up and censored,the use of hypnosis on these victims who are clueless is a huge secret,they are tortured into insanity by it
Really? So when children are fucking STARVING to death and the border patrol officers JOKE about it, that's "how it's supposed to work"? Easy for you to say since your cushy privileged ass doesn't have anything to run away from.
I'm a non-white woman pregnant in Georgia. Fucking fantastic.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
Fuck this spitting bitch
+Jessica N I don't think you are a fit to be a parent, if you get pregnant you should abort your child.
Fuck feminists they should all die
what a fucking piece of shit. i bet he's here illegally.
niggas always say they out here, we don't ever see em.
Mulan should have been played by a black man
@PBDerbysAtheist @AdenOrdinii @MikeWingerii I've always thought that all religions believe in the same God but human interference with the truth behind it lead to people following different traditions. Picking a religion isn't picking a god, it's picking how you want to live your life. And yes, you can choose to believe
LOL it's so obviously that you're nothing but a stupid little faggot queer
shut yo bitch ass up
Fuck off fags.
Go back to China, bitch.
I'm gonna take that dick put it in my hole I'm gonna ride till I can't no more I got that dick inside my ass condom on the grass eat that fucking bass while I'm smacking my own ass riding on that dick it just made me shit I came out the closet now I really need shit
Ever since we took away their safe space, they've had to find other places to hate women
So these 2 dumb negros do attract Thots. Get a life and stop sack chasing these uneducated assclowns.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
In your pussy, and breed you like the dirty cum slut you are
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
My husband and I are an inter-ethnic couple but he cemented my Asian pride overall as well and being with him has made me more resilient. We've had many obstacles in our relationship; from maintaining a LDR after graduating college, completing mandatory service, and now jumping through hurdles for his immigration. As a result, I had no patience for my so-called friends who cried about their "unique" WMAF relationship merely being judged.
Post the pics of the young black men shooting each other everyday in Chicago. How many more pics would that be? I'll wait.
If gun reform is not the answer then what is?! Or will we continue to just say thoughts and prayers every time a white man goes on a murder spree with the guns they're so entitled to?!
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Girls do you wish more black guys would handcuff you before they fucked you
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
We need to know where these immigrants are! Gather them up, and dump them away!!
I'll fuck all them little bitches up URL
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Considering your God was used a flagship to kill off my indigenous ancestors, He can fuck off for "allowing" it. URL
Broke niggas make me sick throw up
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Y'all bitches be real life stupid over these bum ass niggas
How long until that exemption is used to carry out assassinations on private US citizens who israel deems as enemies?
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
So can someone please give me the DL on this channel?  I know the main guy is some sort of bodybuilder. But is he/ or him and the camera man a gay couple with a monkey baby? Not that it matters, I'm just slightly confused about his back round.
why are black male rappers and artists always become pedophiles and rapists
Like hell. Take off your rose colored glasses & see the real world! Just looking at this dude tells me he's a longtime gang banger. How many people's lives has he screwed up over the years with his banging? He deserves any thing he gets in prison.
Man it must suck to suck. Have fun being a virgin for the rest of your life.
all niggas like this can rot in hell fucking gross URL
They should've had an interpreter for that dumb broad ocasio. She can't even speak the spanish language properly LoL what a pendeja of a woman. How did we get to this point to let these stupid ass people into congress, the three stooges, or should i say stupids; ocasio, tlaib, and ilhan "the jihadi" omar SmH fucking disgrace
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
@Ayash910 @SarthakaSingh @WelfareMind @Rajeev1Das @sajjadkargili @icashmir as if muslim don't lynch Hindus and stop stealing their cattle, they are village economy.
...lol no. and you dont think 3rd world shit holes dont "pillage rape, and enslave"? lol get real. they do it 1000x worse. go to africa and have a look. the 1st world also supplys trillions to 3rd world and they do fuck all with it. europe/north america needs to be for european decent. you can have everything else. middle east for arabs asia for asians south america for south americans africa for africans ect fair is fair. we can see how well they do on their own. good luck
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Yes they are fag.
Sadly, most men are way, way to stupid to think beyond there ego. So they double down, double down some more and then lie... including to themselves.
All degenerates who engage in anal sodomy are monkeys... regardless of race. Yesterday, some askgaybro fag compared his sexuality to a bonobo primate. Which is surprisingly accurate. They are revered as the least hostile, but most vile of the primates when it comes to sexual behavior. Could AIDS have originated from them? Anyway, all they do all day is partake in disgusting barbaric sex. So much nasty fecal sex that zoo's will not exhibit them.
this is why females arent funny URL
eat a dick faggot
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
dead ass gotta start shooting niggas. period URL
@HmmThatBitch Fuck her in the pussy URL
Once again...women are fair game. We bullshit on about freedom and then ignore this shit.  Women need to go on a worldwide strike for a few decades.  No sex for anyone until these mongrel countries stop treating women like slaves.
@iamcardib is a irrelevant W***e who drugged and robbed men. She's nothing more than a race baiting Bi*ch
First wave of pics, more later plus video (if you get me to 200) #nsfw #femboy #gay #fishnet #skirt URL
This bitch can die, fuck her
Gays are like Vegans; They always gotta tell the world about it. NO ONE CARES, FAGGOT
Deport the dog and his bitch wife and bitch daughter- they say they hate the USA so send em back to the shithole they came from.
@Jay Patel lol fuck t series you skinny Indian twat
zionist using this wahhabi terrorist nation undeveloped animal  to destroying meddleast countries for israil
White people gonna gag when the geography change and coming in from Europe will get u deported right back to the region that don't know how to cook with flavor. Go back to ur snails on toast!
Dude, you're the exact definition of " Dick and dash". You can bone girls then immediately retreat to the ground.
@Javedakhtarjadu A creep, knows only shitting out of his own mouth degrading indian values dividing them into Muslims, poor Muslims, victim Muslim & supporting people who insult Hindus, Hindu gods everytime. We gave you respect & this how this stupid guy suppose to repay? How lame & low life guy.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
What a wicked blasphemous "comedy" show. No race on the planet hates the Lord Jesus as much as Jews seem to. "If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maranatha".-------1 Cor 16:22.
Put those 4 bitches on the border let them handle it!!!!
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
##Who cares? ##Protect yourself with a Rifle and let them transgender themselves to death.
So, these four clowns claim to be 'women of color.' Exactly, WHAT color are they claiming to be?
'Not gonna lie sir, probably not much you're girl looks really hot, but she's probably some bitch who gets sex and leaves when she sees some won better'
It's not 'Fear of Black People, it's DISDAIN. Anti-Blackers don't fear Negro People, they know we haven't any military-might.
it's cool constantly being the target of miserable mentally ill misogynists and their rage
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
It's a fucking stupid method unless you are uncharacteristically attractive, even if you're white. Stop watching non-white PUAs. They prey on people like you. They're predatory snake oil salesmen.
...Shitstain christianity - Control Tool of the World Elite (White Terrorist Colonizer ) ...
Burn down Christian churches then. They want war, so be jt
If I had a nickle for every time Germany tried raping Europe...
Every single one of is a fucking idiot. Cause you are killing yourself each hour. If you don't give me your money you are gay
Can we just nuke Mexico?
Watching this physically hurts me. That bitch should rot in prison
Ready for orders, faggots!
You're a garbage human being with no understanding of what this country stands for or it's goal since it's inception. YOU should be given the citizenship test and when you undoubtedly fail, deported to the brownest country and left to rot.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
She's pussy bitch
#sissy sluts should be locked in #chastity
Niggas be cute but bitch cute ain't gonna give me a nut
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Lena Dunham Poses Nude to Encourage People to Love Themselves More. Hmm....Nothing like unhealthy amounts of disgusting belly fat to make one feel good about one's self !  #LiberalLogic   URL URL
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
If a nigga out here still wearing polo boots he just came outta PRISON
what a fag
she is ugly
Deport them all.
niggies of slave origin and off the boat bobos, should leave my country and make Africa a lesser shithole
Here's a new Amendment:  If your religious view is to deny others basic human rights, you should  a) be prevented from holding public office  and  b) shove your religion up your ass as far as you can and leave it there. URL
Ask yourself, where are you better off, staying in your country of birth or living in America. If you are better off living in America, keep your mouth shut and refrain from complaining everyday. Otherwise go back to your country of origin. Stop being hypocrites. Some elements are dragging this country into hell because we gave them too much freedom to do so.
This bitch was made to suck cock
Fuck Jihadis  We are 100 crore try and do Jihad this time we make sure non of the Jihadi Bastard Survives
Yeah, didn't you know asylum seekers are criminals. How dare they ask to enter the US. Fuck off.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Dirty ass, rat ass, hoe ass, slut ass, crusty add , dusty ass, dumpster juice ass,bottom of the barrel trash bag ass bitch
I was actually complacent in referring to her as Pocahontas. She can keep her 1/2400 Native American self proclaimed heritage.
Or she's just a cunt.
#GiveRosieASolo already dumb b!tch
Me: has an opinion Retards: RaCiSt FaScIsT sExIsT NaZI DiCk!!!
+Linda Minton Americans consume insane amount of drugs and the USA has been giving weapons to cartels it's called operation fast and furious you ignorant whitey whites age like milk
@alegna_xo @Tigu_El Me neither...this obsession to oppress the girl child is sickening!
Shut that cunts mouth before I come over there and fuck-start her head!
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
For escaping rapists  only she didn't escape them at all  not in a man's world  where women exist  so men can have some fun and boost their own male morale by smashing women's down we see the big cheesy grins on men's faces  NEWS FLASH Twelve Israelis held in Cyprus over alleged gang rape of British tourist   Now team manhood will work very hard to get their bro's off the hook  we know how it all goes  "What were you doing in a room with 12 men.. why else would you be there?"  Men in their male empires, see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil  they never dish the dirt on their team manhood!
Imagine being so invested in hating brown people that you act the way you do, intentionally. I hope you drop a ball on your foot you turd :)
Streets talking that's a rat nigga
@hafsal_rahman @RenishRamegowda @kurian_binu @punarutthana Don't give me one page. You give me one incident of gaurakshaks lynching Muslim I'll give you two incidents of muslim cow thieves attacking Innocent hindus. Accepted? You are 20% of population but want to slaughter cows? See how Hindus behave in other countries and learn
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Nobody wants illegals here! Any person wanting to enter America should be of good character, no felonies, SKILLED so they can work and not leach off our tax dollars and Medicare system, and with money in the bank. Coming to USA is not a freebie vacation. They need to go through the system or stay where they were born. Sick and tired of idiots enabling this criminal activity. Imagine if this much effort and news coverage was focused on our homeless and impoverished AMERICAN families and veterans.
>Fuck off. You're just like Cristiano Ronaldo. DELUSIONAL. No matter how much money you throw at Gaza it will end up in the hands of the Islamic terrorists (Hamas) who control **^(everything)** in Gaza. Maybe one day it'll click that the problem with Gaza is the Islamic terrorists ruling Gaza.  *(*But I highly doubt it, *since the past 14 years of Hamas ruling Gaza has taught you nothing.)*
Lmao at your pathetic ass after touring your profile. You're a tranny, go ahead and blow your brains out, stop wasting our time and go see Satan.
The Central Park Five's "confessions" were tainted by a deeply racist "wilding" narrative — and they weren't the only ones. In many other false confession cases, you can see similar "wolf pack" themes being fed to other African-American youths during interrogation. #whentheyseeus
Maybe they should import millions more immigrants to drive wages down and increase their tax burdens?
>kill me cow Right now you're only killing English lmao Kill two cows mate and pray to Allah may he give you variety or content in your comments lol
Why is it that girls you dump up their fuck game tenfold?
@RepDianaDeGette How about you take fifteen minutes and fix the fucking asylum laws you idiot?!
dude went from nice dude to Russian dick
A weak little pussy that murdered innocent, unarmed, cowering people for no reason. Somehow muslims stuck out as the worst part of his world? Looks like life took a shit on him and he took it out on them for some reason.
Fuck t series i hope suck your own dick pewdiepie is better then you . You mom is gay too
Even better: they're getting replaced on the fictional oppression ladder by trannies of all things.
Catholics in a small West African country are being slaughered and hardly anyone is talking about it URL
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
You EVIL LAND INVADING PALEFACE SAVAGES GO BACK HOME TO YOUR CAVES IN EUROPE BCUZ YOUR CHILD MOLESTING LAND STEALING MURDEROUS ANCESTORS CAME HERE UNWANTED
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
American scum is already attacking Iran.
i know girls are beautiful but pls talk to them BEFORE you nut in them cos some of these bitches dumb as rocks
there's a lot of racist dickheads on reddit
Don't waste my time fags, if you're in my DMs then you're gonna be my fag to exploit so I don't want excuses!  If you're following me then get messaging me to start serving your alpha  #findom #paypig #payslave #Humiliation #blackmail #circlepay #paypal #sissy #cuck #alpha
guys piss me off
And rot in hell you little boy peepee touching faggot Michael jackson
I THINK IRAN RELIGIOUS LEADERSHIP ARE POTENTIALLY "BUNCH OF DUMMIES" (ITSEEMS ALLEGEDLY THE 1979 HOSTAGE TAKER IS A MINISTER IN IRAN CABINET), GO FIGURE.
Pussy fag
that is right, China will walk away American
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
God I fucking hate whores
?? AIDS Means your desperate ass payed for a hooker and couldn't get his five fucking braincells to work and you forgot a condom
@mrsjsmiller1 Lady, the only hell is right here on earth, plagued with the idiotic ramblings of delusional "Evangelicals" and the moralizing BS from so-called "Christians".
Honestly I'd fuck your brains out kiss your body and dump my full load I to that pussy.
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
Of course we're Islamophobes. It is your religion that calls for the beheading of ALL that will not submit. And you two moron Hispanics, your Muslim compatriots will one day behead your children. Unless you pull your leftist heads out of the place where eyes can't see.
@Adolf Hitler Fuck you bitch butt "GAPING"boy!
What are you on about, you tedious faggot?
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Blacks aren't gonna like this, it's basically the only thing they have.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
May he rot in hell where he deserves, and all #MuslimBrotherhood terrorists & their sympathizers not just in #Syria but everywhere in the world along with their affiliates #AlQaeda & #ISIS  URL
>Some incels give a lot but get nothing back   And so should be rewarded with pussy? Are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you? And that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable?    Do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women?    How committed are you to the belief that women are holes, rather than human beings deserving of respect?
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Youth depravation and open perversion at its all time high. Lesbian is "freedom". A boy should "back up". Where's any dignity of people acting in this... video I can only ask.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
you're a faggot too
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
here is your dick you ass toasting fuckstick
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
@TouchitTzuyu 1. She looks like a pig 2. She puts way too much makeup 3. She's craving attention  4. Possibly autistic
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
She's a sick bitch. & all the grown ass girls that be having sex with these young boys deserve to get beat up too!!! URL
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
@Millie__Weaver Millie this statement absolutely shows what must be a lack of education and understanding of the many atrocities, killings, wars all perpetrated under the guise of serving God. Human beings find all sorts of reasons tragically to kill each other. Religion is among the highest.
With all the alternatives today, and seeing how women act... It is crazy. They act like a kid staying up past his bedtime. They try to push the limits and see what they can get away with.
That girl is a gold digger
so fuck a "you're in America so speak english" ass bitch
Fat Xi decided that the Uighurs r a problem, just like the Nazis decided that Jews were a problem. The govts of Malaysia, Thailand, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan,Pakistan, Cambodia, Vietnam & Laos have all sent their Uighurs to China for torture  URL
Hell ya got a retarded every mans hookup fantasy
This fag needs to know his place by masters and followers. RT him to make him a faggot for everyone who likes fags
Gay school...i hope i could shove my hoe into these bitches ass
I heard Rudy and Donald have a homosexual relationship.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
I've never wanted to smack the fuck out a bunch of faggots in my life honestly- but hey I'd probably catch something so nvm.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@natmypresident The heteros are at it again
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Yer baby put in Johnson and get us out and then we can vote UKIP to stop mosques radicalising Muslims to blow up our children.
Stop sending Messico aid money. Stop selling Messico anything made or grown in the US. Then Build The Wall and ignore them. With any luck they'll have a revolution and kill most of their population off!
Completely incompetent pathetically weak spineless useless woman
Slapping an unconscious girl, who's the real o-3 pussy
What a filthy-pussied skank.
Maybe what saves him from death... was because there is no god... I think if there was a god he woulda been executed... ... fuckin religion is so retarded
kys u old-ass faget
Look at her record. Look what she stands for. Dont be sold just bc shes an african american and a woman. Identity politics is a way to divert focus from what they stand for and more importantly what they HAVE stood for. What she preaches now is the opposite of what shes been doing her whole life.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
I hope they catch that piece of sh.t and this is why i urge all women to pack some heat.
What a nasty ass bitch URL
May Allah bring destruction upon India, filthy country. URL
What more do you black people possibly want. You get free college and you don't really you have to study that much anymore to get to the top of your class. You get free housing, and if you wanted to buy a house you get a lower interest rates than any race out there. Your car loans interest rates are not even in the double digits. I know it's sad you actually have to get up and go to work for your money in America. Maybe you lazy blacks can cry about that to.
That's the key isn't it. I was going to ask, as a younger bisexual feeling prejudiced against in the LGBT community, how do you deal with the "if you're not the most flamboyently homosexual, you're not welcome here", but I guess that's the answer. The ol' value in myself; internal validation and all that. It's tough but I guess I have time to practice. Peace and love; enjoy your happiness, friend
@Sherman Brown Lol he's not wrong you know? Look for instance at the current state of Europe under Merkel and her ilk. It's truly beautiful that women tend to be very caring and welcoming, but that's never a good thing in politics ESPECIALLY in leadership positions. Open borders and the like end up happening.
remove her fucking channel and lock her up. stupid bitch
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Oh, sick burn, calling me a type of snail. You faggots never got it. And you never will. You putrid cum bubbles all think "witty" is important when it really isn't. Go feltch your boyfriends asshole lol.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Happiness Watching These Overconfident Indian Supporter Silent URL
Not as much as ur mom likes my dick and balls. Keep smoking fake roves loser
@realDonaldTrump The shooter was a white supremist who was trying to kill Mexicans! What do you have to say about this person that you have have taught this hatred to at every single rally you have spoken at since you took over in the Oval Office? YOU should stop your Racist and WS talk NOW!!!!
@CNN @davidaxelrod @CNNOpinion @RepCummings @POTUS @CNN uses African Americans for their RACIST PROPAGANDA but who gives a shit about the actual problem. Who cares their living in rat shit they got what they needed from them. It's the same at the border, Illegals only matter so they can attack @POTUSURL
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
+itchy robot and you're a faggot
@Aabhas24 But these 'devil people' are their own mullahs and family members. And they're raping cows dogs and goats as well these devil people. Next they ll cover all animals in a burkha tent.
@hrenee80 Send her back Muslim traitor
When Pres Trump said "Love it or Leave it" it is a old saying that was used against the Hippies when they were protesting the Vietnam War. Now it is considered a racist comment?!! What planet did these people warp speed from folks?
Indians are the most shitty ppl alive on this plannet ..
Wrong. Sex was originally created by the pagans to celebrate the winter solstice but was then taken over by the Christians to celebrate the birth of Jesus to convince pagans to convert URL
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
how you gon bash me then try to fuck me ? hoe you super fake
How I fuck up but im giving him punishments? Don't leave me out here with these niggas if you want me to be faithful  you KNOW im a horny ass ho.
From our previous murrsuit party, @sharkiead fucks @bigbeefinboy 's ass...then They fuck my ass...then They fuck my pussy and cum! For round 2, I fuck Their ass with a large unflared Chance from @bad_dragon and they cum a 2nd time 14 minute video here: URL URL
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Yes, judge the president as a misogynist then marry into a monarchy.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
I go with my brother. You don't need to go with other queer people, just find someone who's supportive to go with you, or you can go by yourself if you are comfortable enough.
Yeah,yeah, yeah, thoughts and prayers right, America is a shithole country with drugged out mentally ill people who believe to many lies and are afraid to think and realize that their own government is killing them
At this point the whole MRA community has been co-opted by women, ironically enough. So yeah, it's full of literal pussies and metaphorical ones that just beg for a small whiff of some smelly meat curtains.
Wait till October elections in Canada when jihadi turdho gets thrown out maybe that father and son bomb makers in Richmond hill were readying themselves for just that.
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
American here. This is like the bigotry that's been hiding. I think it's always been there- the way we shame, guilt and put down women for getting pregnant when a man is also required. There are *multiple* states aiming for this with no consideration for the dire circumstances this will create. I hope your country does well. I think mine is bathing in gasoline and lighting candles.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Then go back to India bitch where the brownies shit in a gutter and get sold into marriage by their dads to the highest bidder.
gay people should die
happy onf day a character in minseoks web drama has a BIG GAY CRUSH on minseoks character
This shits disgusting I CANT STAND YALL HOES
ME AS A BLACK MAN VOTING FOR DEMOCRATS IS LIKE ME JONING THE KKK JUST BECOUSE THEY CHANGED THEIR WAYS OF KILLING AND HANGING . WHY WOULD I DO THAT TO MYSELF ? AOC SAYS THAT ILLEGALS ARE HER CONSTITUANTS NOT AMERICANS . I THOUGHT SHE TOOK AN OATH TO UPHOLD THE CONSTITUTION AGAINST FOREIGN AND DAMESTIC ENEMIES . WTF IS GOING ON WITH OUR REPUBLIC NOT DEMOCRACY.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Cum guzzling faggot why are you here.?  you got no likes on your comment LOL go back down on your knees and shut the fuck up
Niggas got a lot of nerve
why are cishets so fucking boring? their conversations are so boring and they're always so late to everything
I want to see you stroking that fat fucking cock.
gag on my dick pussy
Why you make your ficking son gay. I use to like you will Smith. But now I dont. You need help. You and your entire family. I'm pray yall stop the devil worship
Bottom bitch let his straight friend fuck him raw  URL
@DittoPost @realDonaldTrump Because you love white supremacy, especially in your criminal, rapist and illegitimate President. Yeah! we know, you didn't even need to tell us
@conprivx Connor you are literally gay you have raw anal every time you shag
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
God damnit Ahmed, stealing my allah sword again?
If it wasn't about money, none of you lying so called Christians would even care.
Shut the fuk up you faget you're probably not even old enough to vote but you sure suck that California dick like it's going out of style fucking queer
This criminal treatment backed by the #Australian Prime minister #ScottMorrison yet another prick that calls himself a #Christian yet punishes the vulnerable disgusting #Centrelinkfail. #auspol
American should stop invading any country through regime change. Other wise Asylums must keep on coming to United States.
This is very typical for this type of woman, total TRASH.
I hope they deport illhan omar , and occasional cortex
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
does any one notice the dirty jew nose on that fucker, my fellow white people are evil. Well your white are you not, hehehe no iam not white iam jewish
ain't no way in hell I'll have a baby by a nigga that don't even take care his first one !
faggot ass kid kys please
Fat Xi decided that the Uighurs r a problem, just like the Nazis decided that Jews were a problem. The govts of Malaysia, Thailand, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan,Pakistan, Cambodia, Vietnam & Laos have all sent their Uighurs to China for torture  URL
This psychopath should just do a favour to all women and just voluntarily send himself to prison right away.
@awkwardbutkind GIRL CALL MY GRANDMA BITCH AGAIN IM GONNA FUCKING NUKE YOUR DIRTY ASS
We need to get this shit out of TD our president has no beef with Muslims, this lady is American and fuck you guys, Trump would not have beef with her
> "kill all the Jews" and "kill some of the Jews"  Except those are not extremes, those are on the same side of any scale you wanna come up with, but sure. I'm sure YOUR calls for violence and the ideas YOU want censured are the problem. Ya fucking dingus
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Shut the f up pussy ass bitch warframmaster
the funny things Americanpigs celebrating their genocide as Thanksgiving for their evil god.
@MikeStuchbery_ So yax is giving the go ahead for any of us,even though against the law in retaliation for nasty words,to deck any scumbag calling Muslim friends,acquaintances or fellow citizens anything other than nice things,duly noted for defence when the next scum keys our specialist's car!
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Faggot meltdown apocalypse
Ridiculous. A mass murderer treated like he stole some $.35 gum. #BlackLivesMatter
This presidency is going to fail like all his other bushiness, at least hes consistent!. Great job white Amerikkka!
Racism towards white people. You may think it doesn't exist, but it does. White people still get blamed for slavery even though we never owned slaves. People think we all have a white card that gets us free shit. Bitch I'm still waiting for that one. All I've ever gotten was called racist.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
I mean Im. All for an IQ based genocide. Like anyone under an iq of 83 (minimum requirements for the US armed forces) I. Mean. Nothing wrong with short guys they can still be useful and valuable to society and other humans. In else mhe who cares. They normally kill themselves. Sjw will take a sharp nose dive whe we start killing of the dummies
Bitch your existence annoys me get the fuck up out my face hoe.
Americans hate all four of you Anti American bitches, just leave our country get the hell out.
But she can't cure her retarded religion...
Fine. Imma go to the store and buy one real quick. Hold on and don't fuck her yet, because no sex before marriage
Straight up faggot
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Can't wait to kick Iran into the stone age. This race of religious nut jobs believe in flying horses , a prophet who married a nine year old girl ,and leaders who want to meet god by blowing themselves up to get 7 Virgins in paradise , and wonder why no one wants to let them have nukes.
We're all gonna die because none of you niggers care about the environment
She should put him on child support make her coins on the low and make sure she is a mother to her kids. All of this other mess is just that mess grow up grown ups.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
alright faggit fag
@Elliot Are you scared, kosher boy ? Attack Iran and Israel will be nuked into stone age.
Despite how you fgts perpetrate frauds - we all know I could have any man in the world. And I beat the biggest fags at their own game. Goodnight Love Always, Mommy
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
You sound like dumbasses from foreign countries who don't like freedom of speech ! Maybe you'd fit in better in another country  ignorant fool
First, Christianity and its sect Roman Catholicism are a scam. Jesus made without human sperm is make believe. Trump was the first to speak about corruption in Puerto Rico and the mishandlings of Federal money by officials in Puerto Rico. It was the Puerto Rican thugs in power who are to blame.
He also called the hundreds of Christians blown and and slaughtered "Easter worshipers." He's a fucking clown
I am just going to assume that you suffer from some form of down syndrome
@RT_com Fuck @IsraeliPM @Israel @israelpolice yall can eat shit n Die
It's pretty amazing how cute these black cock sluts are these days.
Libs: we need religious discrimination laws to protect free speech Libs: but also... URL
TMC: *Kills 100+ people in less than a week, throws bodies down the Nile, burns down a peaceful sit-in, rapes men and women with absolutely no remorse*  Also the TMC: "CiTizenS bArriCadiNg rOaDs iS a vIOlatIon of hUmAN rIGhts"
Somalia is the shithole rock she crawled out from under a fake name, to marry her brother. Then marry another dude (bigamy) then get elected in a district packed with Muslims (Gerrymandering). Shitstain should be deported.
King No that's Israel get it right you stupid inbred mexicant
I'm not black and this confirms you indeed have no education and even though I knew it already show's I make more money  must suck being poor I can tell by the way you type you are a small short poor little boy. Definitely depressed
What about the current million living on our streets now? Should we give the illegals free healthcare and welfare and an education while homeless citizens sleep on our streets?
Off topic of OP's post, but I'm so happy to hear of someone like me! I was lesbian for a long time, thankfully now more bi, but I have never acted on those feelings. I have a wonderful boyfriend, and I manage to love him even though my body still tries to pull me to women sometimes. Most Christians I know say that's insane, I'm homophobic for resisting those urges, god says all love is good, etc, but I know it's immoral and I am feeling lust, not love. So I'm happy to know you understand how I feel and are still following God's will.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
@HassanRouhani Your nation is facing illiteracy, poverty, human rights are being invaded and you're worried of uranium and nuclear power? Die you stupid!!
There's a legit manga that had almost all the men in the world die, and in the process made women so hungry for sex that if they see a Male survivor, the women are gonna try and jump the man not the kill him but to have sex with him. That's our world in the future if these SJW Metoo era psychopaths keep this shit up and we men move to robots and die without giving our soldiers women are gonna be VERY thirsty
It's YOIR GODDAMN FUCKING RICH JEWISH FAGGOTS that'll be long perished and in heaven while I'm still burning you lying piece of fucking worthless crap
-karma hunting tiny dicked little bitch
Naah they just systematically rape children, fight against the rights of women and lgbt, promote science denial leading to world destroying climate change, etc.  Turns out both christians and muslims can be awful.
Not a Muslim, so sorry if this is a known thing in your religion. Is Mohammad riding a deer with a human head to hell?
Kill yourself fag
This sissy fication of men.
Begone THOT!
I always ask this question. Why are feminists and SJW and all women of the same mind do not make their movies, TV shows ,games... Why they always interfere with what has already been done. They are smart, powerful, capable, and yet again trying to exploit all that men and a few really smart women make or do.  Why ? Because they're stupid and incompetent . Make your own shit ! I feel sad for Arnold...
I don't need or want a nigga to ever think he can boss me up. that's for dumb bitches with no goals
Spitroast that faggot and he'll be adDICKted! URL
@Hellraiser988 Says the guy that spouts racial epithets on his channel.
All homosexuals should be slaughtered
Hitler forced "Untermensch" women to have abortions but banned abortions for Aryan Women (not the same as a woman's right to choose). ...
No thanks. Go back to Palestine please and take all your Zionist buddies with you. Shalom
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Women like this need to be jailed and fined and locked up and sterilized with all their possessions taken away and trashed and their bank accounts emptied.
*these girls had some pretty punchable faces*
@fyfriendlyfire @rulaaxo how about this? Two dicks in your pussy at the same time?!?
These mass shooters are always white but foreigners are the problem? Black ppl too i think it racist ass America .. y'all tryna build a wall to keep the mass shooters IN and it has nothing to do with mental illness these ppl know exactly wtf they're doing .
Here's a new douchebag for you Japan with America's blessings!. You can keep it! I hear it's reusable from multiple sources!. Russia's used it Korea's used it along with the Saudis ! China has used it.! Israel is used it many times. As have the rest. And now this is your douchebag to have and behold!. You are welcome to it. Douche away!.?
She's so fuckin cute, would love to rough fuck her mouth
Ah yes, that's it. The gays are just so violent.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
nah, then Indians would give Uighur insurgents a nuke if wishes were horses, then beggars would ride
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Why is she an illegal alien who put her child in danger even being interview? She should be in jail for contributing to the death and neglect of her child. ANY AMERICAN WHO WALKS FROM ONE SIDE OF THE COUNTRY TO THE OTHER, SLEEPING OUTSIDE WITH HINDREDS OF PEOPLE, EATING WHATEVER YOU CAN TO EAT THAN TAKE THEIR SICK CHILD TO THE HOSPITAL AFTER THE JOURNEY WILL BE LOCKED UP FOR CONTRIBUTING TO THE DEATH AND NEGLECT OF THAT CHILD.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
And you just wrote a whole fuckin paragraph in response to me, so fuck off you faggot loving dumbass
This is the ugly face of Islam. This is the story of every non-Muslim, from Jammu & Kashmir to Iraq and Syria. It's your 'peaceful' neighbour who rapes and kills you, the same neighbour who vouchsafes your safety and security. How can Muslims expect non-Muslims to trust them? URL
We should put them out of their misery and reduce our competition for resources by nuking Africa.
Nasty liberal whores
Watch her get gangbanged by BBC and then eat her worn out and cum filled pussy
If you fuck with lame niggas then you a lame bitch
I bet you boof Tabasco covered bowling balls, you ginger inbred cunt
@ringer @rodger Also what you counting other Menz money. You said the players are doing it for a check? I promise they're getting more money than you got for this Bullshit you wrote. What do you get a Dollar a word?  Stay out of Menz Pockets
@Chiefff_Dshilly @dshillllyy_ I'm already knowing that's why bitches need to learn to keep they mouth SHUT
Like the dirty little whore she is
You're right, the unborn women need to be kept away from extremists and maintain full bodily autonomy. That's a different person in there. Different genes. It's science, not religion. Not your fucking body. ​ People will take care of the babies, even if you are too much of a piece of shit to. ​ How many abortions have you had? How many babies have you had crushed up because you didn't want to cancel Netflix and get your fat ass off the couch to take care of it?
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Why the fuck are a of them brown
I didn't say she wasn't british. I said that she, as most black people, instead of thinking about solving their problems, they play the blame game, and when you say on a daily basis that "black people were slaves of the whites " (when they were pretty much slaves of every "race", storic revisionism). About the white culture, I don't know what that is.
I refuse to let a nigga dressed like this beat my ass URL
I hope your mother sends you to Vietnam you stupid shit
@dbongino Boy are some of you going to be suprised when Jesus shows up and he says "and who are you?" Denying Jesus is going to smack you straight up when he comes for us believers!!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
FEMINISTS | That message all good in 2019 UK? Ahh sorry, Trump said pussy 15 years ago. My bad. As you were. URL
You dirty little fuckhole! Bend over and take this dick like the slut that you are
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Right? Fucking whore, you're only gone for a week. You can't go 7 days without having a cock in you? Jesus. She deserves everything coming her way and more.
We need to show the shooters stupid racist face and we have to show that deranged white males are the terrorists in the US, not babies in cages
@Huh Funny that you admit that the one wearing a toilet paper roll on her head could very well go back to Somalia where she came from. Totally contradicting yourself and showing you are nothing but a confused little turd somebody forgot to scoop up.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Bill Nye all Jews should die
I really want daddy to train me to take his cock n make fun of me for being so pathetic, I wanna be a brainless slut for him :((
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Female sports are a joke! Only queers watch that crap. Go make a sammich and male it right girly,
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
She should be sent back, and it is about time that people started waking up to the dangers of importing people like Omar. URL
She's disgusting. I'd let her suck my cock.
@LukeDennehy Then all religions are hate groups what a banal and meaningless article.
cute and fuck bitch face fuck her three holes spank her ass
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
The Dumbest folk on planet earth - White Southeren Rednecks!! Hyenas are smarter than these morons!!
\> Ya know, there's part of me that believes you're so brain-poisoned that you actually did. That would be the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life.  Sarcasm you fuck tard. \> Also, I really enjoy seeing your edits. I can see the gears turning. "How can I make my already reprehensible frothing even *more* bird-brained and incoherent? Oh, more slurs! Of course!"  The edit's are just to fuck with you retard. You're constantly responding It's just fun to fuck with you since you're a low IQ Jew.
Short and simple. Hope you get raped by a pack of niggers.
i'd be in jail for murder. the nigga spitting and the nigga recording are scum.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
@LAngel212 ngl im gonna chop off his d!CK
it's such a shame that you're gonna probably marry a uglier nice guy, and turn his life into a dysfunctional hell-hole.
The existence of Israel is blasphemy
@JakeLouvier @AaronScott3113 if u aint a christian ima stab u in the face
You know a lot of gays also resent it too, right? Go buy another shit product with an American flag on it, lol.
Better get 2 abortions for your spawn cause you're a dickun
@realDonaldTrump White Christian males are the American terrorists & YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ESCALATION OF HATE-- You & the glue eating slime Stephen Miller.  You talk shit about immigrants daily. Neo nazis infiltrating the GOP bc of YOU URL
lol I think that what pedos want is to fuck kids not stimulate their ass
I can respect that. No pretending to want more than a casual fuck. No games. No begging or reeing when turned down. It's embarrassing to be with someone like that, but I think it's more second hand cringe than anything. It's the guys who expect bobs and vegene photos for basic social niceties on social media and at least a blow job for coffee/dinner then REEE and MGTOW when they're turned down that are horrible people.
Shut up faggot. Like geese migrate, like boarder collies heard, like niggers rape murder and steal as an American I hate gay ass English royalty
Girls are slimey little liars just fuck off
Jesus christ. NTA. And leave her ass first. Ignorant swine.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
About time those Commie faggots got the stick
Um, is there a proof? I mean, I totally believe you and all since I myself don't believe in this shitty and proof-less claim because it came from an ancient dirty book Muslims believe in but I would like proof so that I can shut these people up.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
You're a hateful bigot and you spend more time bashing your targets (and fucking seeking them out all across the internet) than the fucking KKK spends burning crosses.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Just when I think white "men" can't get more pathetic ... this one in particular never ceases to amaze me. 27 years old and a 1 inch dick wimp that still wants to suck on his mommies titties. #whitedecline #saynotowhiteboys #BlackPower #NewWorldOrder #sissy URL
@rhowardbrowne I think America should follow suit with Austria and I believe Australia as well tearing down two mosques and immediately deporting all Muslims
I've got good ol' "nigger basher" ready to go into action — that baseball bat has beaten lots of chimps like you!
Women who gave birth to 10 Children at the age of 25 years, is given #TripleTalaq because she denied her Shauhar for 11th child in Firozabad. Women are made child machine & slave in this Cult that's why they are challenging #TripleTalaq Law, Constitution & Supreme Court order. URL
Heterosexuals do such a parade, they would be cuffed and marched off to HM cells before one straight flag was flown
@LogicalArgument @TahirulQadri Yet very few fighting and killing the terrorists... apparently very easy for them to kill people in the name of islam and get away with it. The only way to convince about islam as peaceful is to kill all terrorists
"Go and Fuck your father you inbred motherfucker,"
Hey fam, does anyone have information on how Q ect plans on respectfully REMOVING ALL of the ILLEGAL ALIENS pouring into our country, right now? At the border now, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS more are there with EB0LA, demanding asylum, accusing Border patrol of racism. WE CANNOT LOOSE FOCUS OF THIS TROJAN HORSE!!
All the #istandwithbusoladakolo are now standing by themselves... Dumbass Niggers!
I would bury my hard daddy cock inside ur sexy ass, rail u until u beg me 2 creampie ur pink sissy hole, sweetheart!!!!
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
Get that money fuck them niggas I finesse him and run off on his ass
Damn American Retards Everywhere
#FUCK ISREAL
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Go suck an AIDS infected dick and die, f@ggot.
Anybody out there wonder why people are fleeing NYS? Politicians like this. I think her and Schumer wanna build a wall on New York's southern border to stop people from leaving. And believe me Syracuse doesn't want any more illegal immigrants sucking off the taxpayers!
Two faggots smh
so when are we gonna pass a bill that cuts off the dicks of male rapists?
Jessica and Sonya are possibly the biggest offenders of this. I thought, "maybe these are the waist sizes of Japanese women", then ended up on a journey met with failure. Jessica is an anomaly. 47cm. Wad.. Da... Fuq?
@MaamPlsMarryMe @berspetpon42 @MYNAMElSYOSHIKA We could all be cool if Yahweh didn't demand you murder us in cold blood the minute you get half a chance
Stupid ass bitch. LET ME AT HER.
Somali parents are sending their kids back to war-torn Africa as 'it's SAFER than London' Cheeky bastards, Somali gangs are some of the worst in London. They turn area's into shitholes then moan that they are dangerous  URL
He will make sure each and every jihadi bastard in your country will die a painful death, and your rogue state Naapak Pakistan will be finished forever URL
the same hoes that's want us to fold on eachother are the same ones that will fold on you. Mark my words
@BasedPoland This absolute SCUM should be rounded up and deported immediately. No more help. No more handouts. GTFO of our homelands & get back to Caveman World. Thanks very much
@Kwjazzman And if the only thing that does impress you is looks. Then save yourself the trouble and buy a whore, or import a wife from China.
Here's a real hot take; Most men walking around with beards haven't earned them and we should snatch them away by force
genuinely fuck this dumbass bitch
So the God says kill all who dont believe in Islam?
Fuck Serbians! Fucking imbecile cunts, never forget the genocides and murders they did.
Clown niggas really stick together like they in a circus. Squad full of bozos
Ad some wogs you fucking pussy.
@lawrencelondonX Your pussy is so amazing. My dick was very hard
Fascinating how asshole is I am is only apparently passed through the fathers half of the genes. One would think that equally bad would be men impregnating asshole women ( and technically even worse then, because you know these men expect the women to actually do the raising of the children too, so these would be children raised by assholes). I mean, I'm sure this would be a shock to some of them to learn, but women don't get pregnant all by themselves ...
Fuck those Saudi rats
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@awejones Fuck him right off you were baptized by satan the minute you sucked a dick
Nice way to go calling it the best upcoming movies when its all about women's ruling the world being the powerful ones while showing the mens bunch of pussies loser and not having the upper hand and not in control SMALL BOYS WILL BE WATCHING THESE SHITTY MOVIES AND GET BRAINWASHED lets go back 40 years ago or 100 or thousand fuck this new generation
What a bunch of homophobes.
Y'all hate gay people but will spend your last dime on clothes designed by a bunch of homosexual Europeans. Y'all talk shit about white people but only support white businesses and down black owned businesses every chance you get.
Alpha using his pathetic inferior faggot's throat URL
How I fuck up but im giving him punishments? Don't leave me out here with these niggas if you want me to be faithful  you KNOW im a horny ass ho.
fizz is a thirsty ass drama queen gay ass bitch fuck him he talks in circles
+Tommy Vee I'm sure basketball isnt ur thing too multicultural for ya ... stick to hockey loser
That fat fag needs to take a look in the mirror, he looks like a wm-af deranged hapa himself. He should cut his face open and tear it after smashing that ugly mug into the mirror. Then his white ass gets raped in an alley by Tyrones and gets injected with some African DNA into his cuckasoid genes.
All u bitches do is get drunk and go get fucked by the niggas y'all complain about on here. Pitiful.
Or just started harassing her online telling her she's a tease, slut and bitch.
RedoranGuard's-SkyrimBattles Dude you're the definition of cringe, niggas like you are annoying using formats from 4chan on YouTube. No one wants your kind here fuck off and go back to reddit or 4chan.
What a bunch of posturing faggots.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
I would call this guy a faggot but thats an insult to all bundles of sticks everywhere
Throw that boy pussy
honestly,i'm pretty dissapointed in this post,its like whoever made this lives in the fucking 50's and does not want men and women to be 50/50
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao, take your ass to trump's states and you'll know exactly how they feel. its easy to talk cock and make fun when you're amidst your own, but the moment u step out of this country, ya'll will CRUMBLE
I am beyond disgusted. Detroit ICE has an insatiable appetite for detaining immigrants. They're planning an 1,800-person facility in NW MI where there are few immigration lawyers. This is human warehousing, + our taxes are paying for it. URL
I'm going to take a guess and say this woman probably voted for Trump.
You are an idiot. What is your problem? If you don't have anything better to say then take your sissy ass out of here. Bastard. Your head is full of shit. Faggot. Stupid fool. Look at your moniker, as stupid as you. Male sissy bitch.
Islam needs to be fucking destroyed.
@charliekirk11 Absolutely!!  This needs to be done right away!!  No more illegal immigrants voting!! Send them back to where they came from, all of them!!
Imagine getting mad and blocking someone over them making fun of you for being a zoophile lmao URL
@MehrnewsCom Irrelevant to millions of Muslims reduced to Genocide, poverty, foreign slavery. Muslims should be happy Iranians doing well. So what, if Yemenis bombed to stone age, Millions of Syrians wash toilets in West, Iraqis bombed out of their homes. Irani WINS either way. @khamenei_ir
Forget about them lets start a holocaust and kill asians
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Why is there a bunch of white people in the favelas
niggas disgust me, & you bitches irritate me.
you had the guts to discriminate women and call them "puta" well now this "puta" wants your ass out of our government. #RickyRenuncia #RickyRenunciaYa URL
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Fucking 'white supremacy.' What racist American pish, now unfortunately polluting these shores. You live in a country that is historically white, so now it's a fucking 'white supremacist' country. Get yersels tae fuck ya anti-white racist CUNTS spewing this BRAINDEAD DOGSHIT.
We got to know what happened first . Yeah . Good luck with that buddy . The guy is a Jew .
Idk maybe it's the guy who paid under privileged kids to write "kill all Jews" for $5 because "haha antisemitism funny"
I was actually complacent in referring to her as Pocahontas. She can keep her 1/2400 Native American self proclaimed heritage.
@yorhagiorno we're two against one dumbass hoe
It's possible for me to be dark skinned and think I'm beautiful with or without your acknowledgement. To assume that every dark skin girl you meet has a complex about their tone just makes it obvious that YOU think being dark skinned, confident and self-assured is impossible. URL
I wonder how many cum shots the queen has taken
No you fucking idiot, beat the shit out of her lol
@AussieLoot @CatFNBR @RonnieNau @TOP_FaxFox @jarkos @x2twinsTwitch @snowFNBR fuck u faggot
Then if your such an easy, sloppy slut. Maybe I should just take your leash and drag you home and put you in my playroom as my personal cocksleeve. Strip you down to some heel and bend you over my spanking bench and attach you to it. Ram my 10" cock up your ass, pull it out and feed it to you so you can taste how big of a piece of shit you are before filling your pussy with my seed. Follow it up with some punishments for being a flabby and sloppy skank. Start facefucking you as I prep to repeat the process until your nothing but a cum-soaked pile of goo
niggas be having guns for show shit sad
I fucking had it with this island.  Tomorrow I leave for France, so I can flex tape the fucking channel tunnel shut. If you wanna flee this madness, you better leave now.
Brother Criag Facts spittin' some Izm today....This black ass nigga came to party as well
Fuck you, you fucking moron, declare war. Europe has twice the population so get fucked. Just ignore the american nukes already in our borders tho lol, don't trigger those.
what are those dirty little sluts filled with
I will not vote for Donald Trump'. But then again I'm black and on the plantation. I'll never vote other than Democrat. Massa say how I vote and none can change dat
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Wtf is wrong with you cunt bag? Did mommy not change your diapers?
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
I don't blame them I'd do the same with all the ones who feel they belong here but really don't and we don't want them< we should hire China to build an island since their so fricking good at it make sure it's many many 1000s of mile away & ship the illegals and unwanted Muslims
*Sicilian piece of shit The rest of Italy disowned those halfricans centuries ago for being too weak to protect their women from Muslim invaders. No real surprise, since Joe couldn't even protect his mother from loneliness.
rapinoe is a skank dyke lesbo piece of shit
Who cares what international people think on this issue. I for one am sick and tired of listening to these freshman congresswomen seeing their elected seats as a front row "right" to tell us Americans every single day that we as a country suck. These women are offended on all things Trump, White people and our History. THEY will not force our country into a transformational country of their choosing. Goodness we would all living in an insane asylum. Not good!!
I hate how ruthless and soulless our trash ass government is!!! These beautiful people are simply minding their business and get arrested as if they're dangerous or animals. Meanwhile there's undercover 8chan white supremacist terrorists walking around free and waiting to shoot URL
@A *Wal one of those white supremacy trump supporting black folk killed her... right???
so you admit that religion is made up bullshit to keep stupid people in line? >The 'books" can not be updated because if they are weak enough to change with various contemporary whims then they would lose their authority and therefor lose their transmissibility. Thank you for demonstrating how religion has fucked up your mind. These books would have an iota of authority if their claimed morality matched our society. Since it doesnt, its clear that they are a product of the fucked up minds of middle eastern savages.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
America needs more mass shootings. That whole country should burn to the ground.
She looks like a fucking piece of trash. She's perfect for the way I want to treat her, let's put it that way
fuck these dumb broads . i'm out . all the very worst, ladies
Hang his BLACK ASS ON A TREE...
y'all fucking niggas who don't eat pussy? bitch, disgusting
The raids began Friday in many area. It was way over due. I.C.E should begin a city-by-city and state-by-state raid/sweep to find, arrest and deport all illegal aliens. Enough of the insanity. The U.S does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches. Build the wall and deport them all. Problem solved.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Deport them all.
BITCH! SIT YOUR ASS DOWN AND SHUT THE HELL UP! BITCH!
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Trump is Horrible disgusting but Ilhan Omar why are you hiding your Hair which is a symbol of identifying with a culture which is worst then Trump, Arab and African countries with the worst imaginable human abuses all over towards woman children anyone who is either weak or poor or different or the only accepted racist religion. You are likable and well spoken by your constant dress code belies what is worst in human society.
Ha ha ha. 'Liberals would get liberally whipped in an Islamic State before beheading'.  Those are the orgasmic visions they have for all the others. They somehow feel that they would be spared as collaborators. In Iran, each one of these liberals was killed after Izlam took over URL
@SpencerFernando Here is one many genocides commited by Isis. The only explanation is Trudeau worships the real terrorists, just like his brother, in Iran. URL
I mean, get a line of asian cunts all face Don ass up and you could make a picket fence of fucking.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
But would they be smashing LGBTQ skulls?
Arrest them at the border and put them in cages.
To be fair, it's easier to get a girl to come to your place than to go to hers because you can make up some BS excuse why you guys should go to your house But still agreed, it's not the orgy people think. Although in 1st year I sat behind this group of sluts who constantly talked about the new dick each was taking. They were all fucked in the head and a very small minority
*"Yes, in the name of allah, I have direct orders from the mullahs and (((javad zarif))) to determine your coordinates. hurry up and tell me sand nigga"* You're the sand nigger, not me. Islam is an equity seeking ideology. Only people on the low end of the ethnic, class, and racial totem pole want equity to make up for their feeble traits. A true nobleman would espouse aristocracy (from Aristos, Aryan, i.e. noble) as an ideal society. You are your stupid religion of peace.
Wanna drain a nigga nutsack out then wanna suck and fuck the worm dick... damnnnnn what's wrong wit you?
gay people should die
Police shot at you, right in your bone and you are still able to stand straight? Lmfaoooo.. Oga calm down abeg, go and lie to the next person or maybe on facebook. U stumbled and got wounded and posted it and caption rubbish.. U go collect that bullet wey u dey find Insha Allah
Another #clip sold! Training - Faggot ( Check the coupons ) #Faggot Get yours on #iWantClips! URL URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
why are black male rappers and artists always become pedophiles and rapists
Well yeah, he's gotta move them to Iran.
White supremacists are terrorists! Why are we not shipping them out of our country?? URL
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
@Michael Miller exactly you know she's a fat ugly bastard Racist Pig who wish She looks like Meghan She will be 6 feet under before she become anything she is jealous of Meghan.
I hope your mom dies of cancer!
@AlexDunstan_ fuck off you virgin cunt
For all you Russian bots and trolls, here's the truth. If you're a man it's 99% probable that you're an alcoholic. If you're a woman you're marginally attractive until you're about 25. Then you balloon up like the Baby Trump Balloon and wear a babushka and a tent.
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
Oh lord! "immigrants-might-criticize-us reason" is the latest reason we need strict vetting of immigrants according to racist fool like Tucker. This is what happens when your xenophobia cuts off the air circulation in your brain  URL
real amateur intense anal fuck , she crying about hurt ass <<retweet>> URL @hotmodelsxxx @HotAdultModels  @BigBootyItaly @PornoxDia @ASRBABES @TulioPromoter @AdultBrazil @letagparfait @PornhubModels @TradizionLarry @pOrn_VideosGifs @Boogie_1969 URL
I hope a bitch don't ever think she's bullying me if ion respond to something, it's because I see your life is already a joke sweetie
Paki guy showing the energy with which he gonna fuck you if he ever met you. Then he cums a fountain. URL
They sound like fragile white people
Anyone that doesn't think humans are the most important living beings on earth has Down syndrome. You wanna downvote something you fucking retards? Rub your catholic dick over my swear words, I'm tired of you reddit faggots. Why don't you just smack your heads into the ground? you're a bunch of fucking monkeys.
@TRUTHSPEAKER Fuck your mother in her ass you non-spelling hillbilly.
MemeriTV: "The US is a filthy whore dog of Israel!"
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
Women are not better manipulators, most men are just idiots who will do anything for pussy. Female manipulation mainly consists of whining.
@Duke_Doberman Then yah tell em you're a gay looking dog stuffed animal wearing leather.
What was that incoherent babble from the black woman?
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Here are sections of the chat between #MSM @arstechnica reporter Peter Bright aka @DrPizza. He thinks he is talking to the mother of a girl he wanted to rape. The discussion is sick & just goes to show how pedophiles lose all critical thinking when their mind is on child sex URL
Why do gay progressives make the fact they love sodomy the center of their existence?
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Try harder like your rome model sam hyde you dumbass faggot
Let The Deportations Begin
The fact that you claiming people who wear turbans are terriosts say alot  white people wouldve been more suitable
stupid ugly bitch
>You're throwing around accusations of antisemitism No...you're definitely antisemitic.  - The Jewish state is secretly ISIS - The Jewish state is secretly overthrowing governments I don't have to convince you for something to be true. Your own government adopted the international definition of antisemitism which you're currently in violation of. I guess Trudeau is a puppet of the "Zionists" am I right?
Get these niggas off first take
Uh you don't think religion hurts people?
Fuck your cop dad/brother/uncle touchy/mom/leather daddy/whoever and while your at it, ball up those fat little digits of yours into a fist and fuck yourself too! Have a blessed day!
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
Time to reinstitute this act and deport all sharia abiding muslims from America. URL
remember always: only faggots defend other faggots.
Fuck outta here with that shit. If God has a plan it's for children to be murdered in school, apparently.
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Bitches are disgusting .
Noah only a true faggot would've replied to my comment lol
So most of them were killed due to dumb religious belief.....
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
What a bunch of sick motherfuckers hope they get punished and hope they do something about it... that tells you what bunch of heartless the " so cal border patrol agents" are... bunch of pigs is what they are. There is nothing funny about a childs body who never had an oportunity in life.... just sad SMH shame on this tyrants
Erect "Fuck you in the ass, Jesus" signs in your local neighborhood.  It's God's work, because the only reason God makes life so terrible is because he doesn't know how to make it better.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
I truly hate that these bitch ass niggas can just walk around as if they did real time. 5yrs off 35yr sentence! Didn't even get charged with murder bitches shouldn't even be able to step foot no fuckin where. IT WILL FOREVER BE R.I.P @LiLBrO457 and FUCK who don't like it ‼
I can't fuck her without asking her now, unlike 50 years ago
Cole the type of guy to get mad at a girl spitting on his d*ck because he's dry fasting
Put them in a airplane, and take them back to where they came from. We don't have a fucking illegal sitting in the White House anymore. NO MORE ILLEGALS, AND NO MORE FUCKING DEMOCRATS. YOU BOO GOD, YOU GO TO HELL.
Alroighty so fuck em all and call them all faggots, agreed.
this guy is ab annoying faggot
This video made me brave enough to come out to my parents as lesbian. Edit: my parents just accepted me for who I am.
Here on this sub, women are holes, girls are sluts, and your questions are stupid.
Let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as Mass Murderer. They will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens. Their punishment will be their wives raped. or probably their daughter
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Most of this scammers are black bastards stinky Africans
This makes no sense, this is stupid. As a bisexual person, I will give all hetero people a pass to make as many gay jokes/lgbt jokes as they want. I feel like the moment you make anything offlimits to jokes that's not a national tragedy its just retarded.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
You look like a ficking pedophile you ugly fat faggot. Die
You're trying to make yourself a martyr out of this shit you've put women through? Throw yourself in a pit and die alone, asshole.
Bitch you better praise god or Imma shoot and that's on god I ain't playin bout my Lord and Savior I'm on my job if you ain't a Christian Imma stab you in the face
i can't believe this conniving cunt even had the audacity to be with her & waste her god damn time. she even showed her vulnerability side yet he did her dirty. i hope u fucking rot u nasty ass, crusty ass, bitch ass, musty ass, UGLY ASS MF
Nigga is wack asf straight trash
@hijabhere This man is an alcoholic and speaks vulgar. A man with this character is a disgraceful human being and does not deserve respect. I used to respect him now he has no Taqwa of Allah. He just verbally abuses
That's pretty homo of them
I've heard from some other sources, he's also a huge faggot.
give me a nigga who hate these bitches as much as I do!
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
@Tr3Fresco "a race that THINKS they are superior" I can think that I'm more superior than anyone
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Kill em all put them hoes to REST
fuck america and israel and russia
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Never been in israel but all the israelis I've met in other places looked pretty caucasian.
I'd come up behind and smack your ass before spreading your cheeks and eating your ass and pussy, then put my cock into your pussy and cuddle fuck you
Autistic Gay   Cishet white boy's favourite insults
Ari Aster is proof we gotta start giving these disturbed white boys A24 deals instead of guns
Fuck asap.  What about the concentration camps fucking asshole.
@fuckyallbro @Beyontaee lmao you're a weird bitch anyways talking bout i'd rather get cheated on then have your man play xbox
LGBT pissing me off now smfh URL
Seems super fake especially because the guy seems gay. She just needs to find a lavar ball who wants to have athletic kids to make the nba
He is a racist just like his Father who tried to keep blacks out of his housing Apts back in the day. URL
"haha you stupid fucks, come and get me! haha bitches!"
Take your fucking bibles and shove them up your arse.
Anyways, I have a full dick.  You do not.  And Jews don't fuck sheep or blow up our shit.
you one gay ass nigga. You make me wanna puke and then suffocate on it!
As far as I'm concerned, they are a political organization. Pastors and organizers have been pulling this nonsense for decades, offering their political opinions and passing them off as 'God's word'. Harboring extremists and pedophiles. Tax them, already.
@FortniteGame Why dont u fucking vault the robot u fucking retarded ass niggas
Girls are so extra dramatic when they get mad. Everything is "Bye, delete my number, l'm done, l hate you, You won't hear from me no more, have a blessed life, leave me alone  and they sit there waiting for a reply
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
That's offensive to my religion.
We ARE A WHITE NATION but the Democrats are pushing for Multiculturalism which means they want to have mass refugees migration and mass migration at the border. Democrats don't want everyone to know just how many immigrants we now have in the US because one day white will be the minority.
@DoingRight1 @Patriqtscott Wright is part of the group with Farrakhan, Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, Holder, Obama (and others) who are anti-Semites and Whitey haters... Absolute racists. Notice how several of these call themselves reverend or minister? It's an abomination to hide behind that.
When I fuck your wife, she'll cum faster than a fat kid to a cake buffet  #findom #cuck #paypig #paypet URL
They've already personally killed 6 gorillion nude faggots with cattle car rollercoasters into gas shower ovens.
Please deport all Americans back to America and you motherfuckers can have all your illegals back.
All men are psychopaths because once a female psychopath comes along, they all forget she's a psychopath and start doing anything they can to win her approval, sleep with her, or just avoid being accused of raping her. This instead of finding a logical solution... so the only conclusion we can make is all men are now psychopaths because they won't question women and forget they're just as equal in imperfection and flaw as any man is.
"Probably because you were a bitter Betty and you sucked".  This woman is batshit fucking CRAZY.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Typical overreacting - the issue isn't that you claim to be exceptional in one thing with very low odds, but many. Your continuing overreactions just illustrate my point. I doubt you have a micro peen - but maybe given your obvious beta tendencies like hating women.
Kill whitey
Nut all on that lul bitch nose then give that hoe sum baby wipes
Face down ass up that's the way u sissies fuck dont u!RETWEET IF YOU'RE A REAL PROPER SISSY COCKSUCKING SLUT  @rtjackass @indebt2Leah @rtsuck3r @rthound @SlaveSilly @mike_mashall @touchRTP @ShortSmallStump @rt_feet URL
This bitch must think #ItIsPerfectlyLegalTo have a baby in a bag on a bike.. put her under the f**kin Jail URL
Gas the jews?
@RT_com 1.3 billion muslims make humble pray for 2.4 christian children women n men. may God bless us all since our planet is now in control of devil wat devil wants to divide n destroy both muslims n christian with false flag events..to all the way to  ww3. Jesus will end * devil rule*
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Don't get you panties in bunch. You stated your opinion and because people don't have the same priorities or opinions as your own you are calling them "f'ing mentally disabled. You are the one with issues. Secondly, obviously you are 13 years old (just the fact you use "retarded" tells me that). So, maybe you should ask your mommy for permission to be here with the big boys next time.
Repeat after me: "allahu akbar". You're gonna need to learn how to say that to save your sorry ass from being beaten to a pulp every day if the conservatives lose. Because thats the big bad wolf waiting around the corner. Cuck.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
I noticed a Muslim in the audience, no doubt dreaming up ways to use these drones. So will they use drones to drop incendiaries on our forests to cause havoc and death? Or use them with bombs to maim and kill? They used jets on 911 to slaughter 3000, so how long will it be before they use drones too?
Man, just go back to watching PewDiePie and slurring at minorities. You're deluded
That's a deadly fagot!
No Canadians wtf... you racist fuck go die in a hole... stupid bitch
When girls want boys that are tall how about boys want girls to be tall .
Lame game bro. U sound like a bitch boy whos balls havent droped.
Women really be minding their business and trash ass men gotta ruin everything. This is disgusting  I hope someone finds him and chops his dick off and feed it to him. URL
THESE BITCHES WANT YOU TO REAL DEAL DIE !
Good'o Amalekites, those fucks killed and slaughtered our people too, that tribe were some nasty people
y'all ugly and fat and y'all r randoms fucking wannabes. y'all could never get to my level fat bitches. lmfao y'all trash periodt sis.
thats literal black supremacist rethoric, saying its ok to be racist against whites even the poor ones,its unbelivable how racists like you ush those metal gymnastics blacks who are the most privilaged group in usa dont enter as much because they are not good enough and blame all their faliures on evil white people as they have a victim mentality
'If you say anything wrong you are Islamophobic, Homophobic'.... you forgot Anti-Semitic - We are clearly not allowed to criticise -Zionist crimes which are legion.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Bro... why is saudi even a place? Pour acid on that whole country URL
@GregAbbott_TX Way to legislate a non-issue that appeals to the worst aspects of religious zealotry while maximizing your cruelty towards poor and middle class women. You are trash.
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
When will the white community address this senseless white on white crime??? Horrific attack of a violent young white superpredator attacking a defenseless elder for expressing a different opinion tsk tsk URL
The relevance of saying he's a Hispanic man??
@Good_Shawny She's literally ugly she's a whore she has a chimp head wtf
"IF I FAP MY TINY WITTWE COCK WIVE ONWINE SOME HOT GIWW WIWW TOTAWWY WOVE IT" You awe fucking mentawwy handicapped. Any, and I mean ANY dude that jewks off on wive chat sites is a wow-wife and a FUCKING STUPID FUCKING DUMBFUCK. YOU AWE NOT ATTWACTIVE YOU FUCKING NASTY ASS WANKSTAIN
wow. females be so damn dumb.
Dude shut the fuck up I would be fucking girls pussy!!
Can't believe I found this fuckfest of a sub linked elsewhere. Holy shit you're all a bunch of mind melted, demented faggots. Women shouldn't be messing with tools, anyone who has a right brain would know that. Get your progressive shit talk out of here. Fucking queers ruining society
"Use that shit to kill Arabs. Not Americans" URL
In a post about refugees, one Philadelphia officer wrote, "Let them starve to death. I hate every last one of them" and "Should have shot him" about a video of an armed, would-be robber.  Other Philadelphia officers made posts belittling domestic abuse and Black Lives Matter.
She fucks 5 people a day. She's a pro now.
He's still a dirty fucking kike. He was just talking shit about Steve C and Patrice, I sincerely hope he dies.
Stop lying and go fuck yourself faggot.
yo chill out bitch. you start spreading your mouth around these endz and theres gonna be problems, please go relieve your period blood and drown in it. eat shit bye
homophobes then: "gays are disgusting. You guys are going to hell. Faggot sinners." homophobes acting brand new: URL
Uh, yea. His country is pretty murder happy when it comes to "mundane" "annoyances", you know, like gay people existing.
Great example of a miserable hoe  it's been months . And she STILL keeping up with me IM DEADDDD stay bothered hoe  Go make out w another fat white bitch u dirty ass girl URL
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
More people need to realize this. Fuck India, what a piece of shit.
This stupid Asian fuck just asked why Kobe gets to decide who is a real man. If Kobe called him soft he'd probably brag about it to his grand kids.
Racists are not America, they are merely the Vermin who infest America. I love America, and I would never want to see it destroyed. But I wouldn't mind it all if the Racist parts were destroyed.
Go fuck yourself you ugly Jewish boy
I wish far-right "Christians" would read the damn book. "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone", to them, means "my sins aren't real sins, and God hates gay sins way worse than mine!"  It's fucking stupid and annoying and I wish God was real so he could smite these goons. Pete is a better Christian than anyone who has ever voted Republican by definition.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Yeah bummer. NZ shouldnt have much to say after literally cucking out and then letting some guy kill 50 muslims.
The errors are the way you think you homophobic piece of crap
I bet if the Qu'ran said daylight doesn't come from the sun, you would say, "see, what a silly book". But when YOUR storybook does it, it gets a pass. Stop giving your book a pass and start thinking critically and analytically. Much more wisdom and happiness will come to that way, and you can finally stop making excuses for your imaginary god's genocide, infanticide, filicide, slavery, bigotry and misogyny!!
Nasty, she's a nigger fucker: URL
ICE should raid his Resorts and hotels for undocumented immigrants... he is such a hypocrite.
Ok. If Korea is not a problem, why is Iran a problem?
NOT THE SQUAD! ISLAMIC FASCIST JIHADIS, U.S. ENEMY COMBATANTS. IMMORAL, BIGOTS, HATERS, ANTI AMERICAN, LINKED TO HAMAS, HEZBOLLAH, CAIR, MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD, ISIS, SYRIAN REBELS, ANTIFA, CAUSE OF HORRIFIC SUFFERING WORLDWIDE. WTF ARE THEY DOING ON U.S. SOIL IN OUR GOV'T? ASSASSINATE.
I dont hate women, I know them for what they are and understand the system we exist in. Unable to change the rules of the rigged game the best way to win is by not playing. Independent is a goal for some, for myself and some others its finding other loopholes within the system to get ahead and ghost entirely. Find happiness within ones self be like an eagle, shit where you want, eat where you want, sleep where you want and most importantly spread your wings and fly where you want.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Fuck you lady! Whore!
Okay, Jidhadists, this is a one time amnesty offer, go to Cali, the sunshine sanctuary state and send the Dems to the everloving arms of Mohammed. The Dems love pedophiles so it's a win win for all concerned, just think of those 72 virgins awaiting you and Joe Biden in the afterlife.
Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns And know nobody black so they act afraid of us And that's racism,  URL
she talkin to a nigga rude
Those who do not obey the literal word of god will burn in hell forever.
Get that gay shet outta here
Fuck you stupid assholes downvoting with nothing to say. Bunch of fucking cuck faggots in here.
Look no further, I'll start off fucking that pretty face till you're a gagging, sloppy, slutty mess and slap that ass like i already fuckin own it
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
"where they ultimately need to be" is back in the fucking Congo you morons URL
@Walmart could suck my fucking dick deepthroat that shit spit on it all that and you swallowing fuck niggas
Lmfao me bumping a bitch that talks to my man
Racism towards white people. You may think it doesn't exist, but it does. White people still get blamed for slavery even though we never owned slaves. People think we all have a white card that gets us free shit. Bitch I'm still waiting for that one. All I've ever gotten was called racist.
I would shove my dick so far deep in your pussy it would bust through the tectonic plates of the earth and appear in a North African village where I would then shove my dick in the eye cavity of every female above the age of 14 with no mercy until the point of paralysis.
kill yourself you fucking idiot cunt
Perfect. Makes it easier to shove every inch of my cock inside your fuck hole
Yeah dont i know it back in my day a woman didnt even have the right to say no and if she did youd give her a good wallop and these millenials woth tgeir phones and degrees buch of fucking nancies dont i know it jim boris is gonna sort us our and get rid of them nancies and womens rights fuck anybdy that say otherswise
Its Sunday! Round these vermin up and deport them to the Middle of the Atlantic ocean. That way they won't be back.
Mexican people the cuntry of Mexico ther not are frends ther enemys real Americans need to start killing off all people from Mexico needs to be wipe-out like the Spanish people wipe-out all ther afercan slave's they used to take over Mexico they killed every last black slave
I hate a dating to fuck ass bitch, fuck I look like wasting my time having meaningless sex
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
What a Fing POS . I bet he mostly planted it on color people.
@thepamilerin This pampam nigger never notices me no mata how i try fuck
High heels are "girly" because woman stared wearing high heels to look more muscular.
Looks like you could use some help  keep rubbing that pussy while I slide inside of you and start pounding you senseless
The same people saying genocide now are the ones who shut their mouth during the actual ethnic cleansing in the 1990s
But older gens do love white skin and Caucasians race. Who told you that they don't? It's only the culture they have a problem with. Why do you think those shitty turkish dramas are popular here? Just so women can rub it to muslim white guy.  Your argument was JBW doesn't work in older gens it does, just pretend not to be a degenerate. LARP as a muslim and JBW becomes 10 times more potent in Pakistan than East Asia
That the only kid that ant balck ass fuck plus I bet his older son don't support all the gay shit smh
Fucking indian make cricket fucking bullshit
1. She lives in a third world shithole (pardon my French) that'll age you  2. She has huge oversized teeth  3. She speaks about her shithole in Ecuador like it's some majestic kingdom and that America is the shithole.  4. She's Super arrogant
The left is disgusting. Those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means. How is this even legal what they are doing? Same way how they make all that nasty porn and Hollywood always depicting faggots, lesbians and interracial shit. They are promoting it. They are filth. Something needs to be done about these people.
You both look like a couple of attention seeking mongoloids. I hope the next attention you get is from a coroner.
45 is a sad racist,who only gets joy by hurting others. # fake christians.
Joe Rogan...listen, dawg. That one time I had this Jamaican ho' up like this when I snorted coke off her twat while she was on her period HAHAHAAH AHAHAHAHAHAHAH. I took a big shit inside her mouth and then I fucked it. Holy shit Joe Rogan you shoulda seen this, fuckin' savages all over HAHAHAHHAH AHAHAHAH. *coughs* *can't catch his breath*
So the lack of you and your pals saying "hell fucking no we shouldn't kill them or enslave them" leads me to believe you endorse killing or enslaving them. Weird you fucks cannot answer simple questions but you'll take strong opinions about who can enter a mens restroom. Fucking human garbage
M point was more that catholics and other types of Christians do the same so i just thought that Christians might be better fit instead of evangelics  Im an atheist myself
@aleombruni @IlhanMN Don't ever hold back.. Ali dayum. These third world people think they can come in and control us and tell us what's best for us. That's why Canadians come here to get operations free healthcare has waiting lines and death panels.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Yes and they're all Muslims you're barking up the wrong tree you delusional b**** you hate America so go back to your own country and fix it then come back here and show us how to fix things
Valid opinion Being gay is tough. You don't ever get a normal life and never feel fully accepted by society. If I had a kid I'd want to spare him all of that
Bitch u a pussy and that's why yo bitch was on my dick
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
You're right, the Ottomans only murdered 4,000 and enslaved 30,000 during the Conquest of Constantinople, instituted a system where they enslaved Christian children, forcibly converted them to Islam and sent them to massacre their own people, and committed the first genocide in modern history. The epitome of tolerance.  That's not even going into things like the Batak Massacre and the atrocities they committed to keep a hold of the Balkans.
Hear that inferior fag bitch scream and whimper while it gets fully loaded with alpha babies. URL
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
@pete7630 @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump F#%k you, piece of shit towel head. I used to be live and let live, now I am ready for that holy war you all have been warning us infidels about. Eat shit you pedophile woman beating camel Jockey
@profamirattaran He's specifically TARGETING Canadian immigrants who work from home. If he wants his balls waxed so damn bad then why isn't he contacting salons that wax male genitals, b/c that's what he has ... male fucking genitals. #WaxMyBalls
She fed the cat vodka which can literally kill it. I'm not whiteknighting the cat I'm criticizing alinity for being a piece of shit. And matter of fact unlike your virgin ass I do have a girlfriend. Fucking retard go defend alinity some more, I'm sure one day she'll fuck you.
@BBZ08650647 @ChrisCoons How did your disgusting family get to America? Did they flee seeking asylum? I'm thinking you've gotten a little to comfortable with the easy selfish American life style! #FakeAmericaChristians are the worst!
Yo this nigga then put me in some fucked some situations fr fuck this nigga fr
White piece of shit killed 20 people
Let me cut their dicks off too.
There were More palestines than jews in what Is now Israel, unless being a jew means that you reproduce like a rabbit, the only way Israel got to the population size it has today is by colonizing
Killing as many Jews and children as possible
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
>Some incels give a lot but get nothing back   And so should be rewarded with pussy? Are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you? And that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable?    Do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women?    How committed are you to the belief that women are holes, rather than human beings deserving of respect?
@LaylaAlisha11 @MAGAGwen Would you like to try that Mrs Bobbitt? You should be in prison for murdering un-born, healthy babies bitch!!!
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
I'll never understand why men want to blame the wife for her husbands actions; it's a twisted form of misogyny. Give your head a shake and see if that helps get it started.
Niggas was really calling 45 the GOAT after he tweeted about A$AP getting out niggas are fried Asf! Fuck 45. Fuck A$AP. 45 got kids locked up in cages and he's influencing the minds of many white male nationalists to go around and kill innocent ppl! Targeting Mexicans! Disgusting
+Stephon You sound crazy 200 years after slavery were gonna hand out free money to african americans. Just accept the fact that you will never ever in your life ever recieve a paycheck from the goverment for reperations and go do something useful in your life
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
All racism is disgusting. The fact you think antisemitism should get more preference than any other racism is discrimination, favortism, individualism and racism too. Israel expelling Blacks, Colonizing Palestine, been an apartheid genocidal state is Racism. #SWaGodKing
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Slaves are there to be used, now stay still while I fuck you
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IS EVIL OPEN YOUR EYES
That's one perverse hot take there Bishop Tobin. To this day, your institution continues to lie about its willful global facilitation and cover up of the rape and abuse of hundreds of thousands of children across the globe. #Stand4Truth URL
the eu siding with the country that routinely chants death to america and death to israel? with a crappy nuke deal that iran routinely violated? no surprise there
stop being so lenient border patrols, we pay you to keep those assholes out of america shoot them with rubber bullets if u have to
That's my only issue with the "men are trash" movement. It could be a video of women sexual assaulting kids & not one Women would say women are trash. But if it's a man, they say men are trash & get 100k RTs.
its the demorat created this hell hole on our southern boarder by funding and organizing the caravans and bring them up to the southern boarder …….come on honey grab the kids we are walking up to the USA today no way organized and funded by the demorats
Beating up women is men's innate wish. They literally get off from beating people weaker than them, pathetic.
oh they're very much idiots, I just hate anyone who says it's a mental illness. these people CHOOSE to be a racist scumbag
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Yes please save us  Good men need to take back power. Stop letting parasite women shame you down. Stop letting manchildren take what they please. I don't know who else to turn to. There is good in the world  the good needs to be in charge. Good men need to save the world
BITCH WOOSAN FUCKING GAY YES EUDUDJ I MISS THEM SO MUCH :( URL
U right, probably some old nigga named Clyde
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
If the bitch is unwilling remove the choice,no running away slut what he's not told you is that you'll be tied up all weekend, he's put your boi hole online & many horny alpha are already lining up as it said no limit,his first load will be your only lube URL
1. Her IQ can be faked and even then 140 is an average THINKING persons' result. 2. Her IQ is more likely faked if she isn't using this feminism and the rest of that shait to farm money from political fonds that come from Italy France Finland or Sweden.
3 of 4 of them were born in America moron. How about we send Melania back?
just bomb the shit out of iran i fuckin had enough of the middle east
ANOTHER WHITE MASS MURDERER!! And y'all trynna tell me that MY people locked in cages are the real threat to this country? GMFU
Just fvck that gal already... URL
Streets haven't forgotten when a babe made entire thread because a nigga that was taking her out asked for 2h for toll.
She is the one bringing shame to her country. Pathetic woman
Why are you hating? Are you ok? Are you not getting enough attention? do yourself A favor - Suck my dick slut. Deep throat it please...
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Stay classy Candice Keller. I am sure the families of the victims of the shootings appreciate your uneducated and outdated hate speech to fuel more fire for white supremacy. #OhioShooting #WhiteSupremacistTerrorism #WhiteSupremacistInChief URL
The whole mistreated, victim crap is getting old. These people should not be coming into our country illegally. The children that have died are a direct result of their parents breaking American laws.
Let me say this white people are not indigenous to this country so maybe they should go back to where they came from starting with Donald Trump
Believe what he's saying . Muslims are out to destroy America in the name of their god . Clean up our Government before it's too late URL
Send them back south where they came from,don't give these Invaders any welfare,they are uneducated, they bring diseases they don't belong here
niggas dumb as hell for no reason at all
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
Girls without a sliver of self-respect are repulsive
DEPORT ALL OF THEM ASAP
What right does the us have to murder Syrians for trading Syrian oil inside Syria it reeks of imperialism
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
true, she probably will get a slap on the hand and a head nod from the simped judge and grants her the pussy pass so she can go and whine about the male privilege.
Fuck her in front of my family real quick
You are right, these Chinese are the scourge of the earth. They immigrate to democratic western countries and bring their backwards commie ideas with them.
...and this prick actually claims to be an American. Jesus.
Niggas calling ke a hoe cause I won't let them fuck up my product. Learn how to rap pussy
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
stupid whore
She hates America and Israel....maybe she should go back to Somalia. Next time maybe America won't save her? xD
@realDonaldTrump Ladies and gentlemen, the incomprehensibly embarrassing president of the United States.  URL
Who can forget that Disgusting Evangelicals Proudly Elected and Keep Supporting Sex Predator Racist Trump! If you are an Evangelical, you are just racist!!!
A class act and a miserable dyke talking to a liberal puss
Don't ask my why ion trust niggas , watched em hurt a bitch that ain do nun to em
Bomb them back to the stone age and be done with it. Its obvious they are looking for a fight so give them one.
Ship them all out to sea, tell them to find another country to pillage!
Learn a different character faggot
How dare they beef up security, don't they know it's the birth right of peaceful to kill Hindu pilgrims
Typical white trash.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
> chink  ROUNDEYE SCUM
Bro you are fuckin sick! You need to go to therapy... Enjoying and laughing at this shit. If I had you face to face I would knock your empty head.. Son of a bitch
His jew lawyer also had sexual charges against him
This is what happens to your brain when you grow up in a backwater shithole with people constantly telling you you're from the best country on Earth.
The comments are gross. What is it with homos that they see a group of boys and their minds immediately turn to sex.
Perhaps you could take precautions to NOT get pregnant? Why the FUCK should you get to murder a human life because you're too stupid to not get pregnant in the first place? You're alive. Why shouldn't the life inside of you have a chance of seeing the world? You cruel idiotic selfish creature. I wish every creature like you could experience the moment of abortion for the baby inside you. So you know you're a murderer. Fucking idiot.
I also want to see the limbless bodies of children that belong to Al Qaeda, the Albanian Mafia, cannibals, pedophiles, etc etc. The genes need to be wiped. Bad people need to be wiped. This whole country needs a cleansing.
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
#WebduniaCheck AAP MLA Pankaj Pushkar was allegedly thrashed by locals during raid at ration shops. URL
Bitch you trash and your bitches is dumpsters
@MRobertsQLD Malcolm, I thought you had slightly more something than your boss Pauline but the virus is catching and you cannot afford to shrink further into the black hole of ignorance or you might mutate into a black Burka or an ISIS supporter then you might have 70 virgin( male gorillas).
And I'd rather go to hell than be some kind of subhuman retard like you.
God damn sodomites are taking over..Every god damn action movie with the women now. Boy, do I miss the 90s and early 2000s when you could call someone a fuckin faggot.
What about a fat ugly hambeast? .... Nevermind, some random loser with a fat fetish would probably support her.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
All you bitches can choke on a bag of cocks
Americans forgot get that they are the invaders! This wasn't they're land ! You guys took it by raping and murdering innocent people !
Take the pink pill  Become a bimbo slut for My amusement. URL
I'd eat your pussy till you came in my face then fuck your brains out in every angle before I blew a huge load on your face and tits
That juicy cunt looks bored out.. good girl. Now let's see you slurp up that grool.
woman should not be allowed aborshons brexit means brexit  if your not english  get out of are country if you got a penis your a man and if you got a fanny your a bird
Here's the thing. The only thing america has more of than racism (and it's pretty racist) is stupidity. Don't get me wrong. Racism is stupid. Like some of the most illogical dumbass ways of not thinking a person can think. At the same time that racism has informed how intelligent the average american can be. Leading to a bunch of dumb shits who think free healthcare is somehow worse than nazis.
How many of those are false reports though? And how many are just from serial rapists?  So you're willing to say that humans should stop reproducing, cause us to go into an economic and societal collapse just because you estimate that 1% of men do something terrible? That's the thought process of a retard. Don't punish the many for the actions of a few.
Forget it. Israel has violated over 60 UN resolutions and nothing happens. Iraq violated 2 the rest is history
White cunts are some of the dumbest people on the face of the earth. What is this retarded slit trying to get at? It also costs zero dollars to call her a blithering tuna hole. Retarded slut.
If, in the span of 24 hours, two Islamic terrorists shit and killed 40 people in separate places, Republicans would be foaming at the goddamn mouth demanding there be citizenship requirements and a religious test to buy a gun in this country.
I sort of wish they had. The Bundys are racist, selfish assholes hidig behind a Mormon urban legend about the End Times and they proved that if you're white and have guns, the government will do nothing. Someone should have merced Cliven and his shitheel sons
Muscle bear gay jerk off and cumshot at work URL
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Women will be obsolete by 2050, you heard it here first.
Disgraceful, a non black person using racial slurs on twitter. Will be making sure your work place know about this disgusting behaviour on twitter  @MoRosement URL
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
Some of these bitches literally have a brick for a fucking brain. Dumbass hoes.
Even retards such as yourself should not be aborted.
They do not all like Americans because they are taking sides and they feel are stealing their oil.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
I couldn't agree more. How do we have all these so called gangs that kill off their own but let the real gangsters ( cops ) walk around freely killing and disrespecting ONLY blacks. But furthermore, when the race war starts, how stupid will they feel, when they realize that THEY themselves have killed off half of their own army? True dumbasses.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
+Richy Rich that act made USA the worst terrorists the world has ever seen... and it was actually the US embargos that instigated Japans retaliation, and then there were the atrocities of racism against all Asians which followed. The older I get - the more I see the hidden swastika sewn into the American flag.
Dumb cuck should send. Bitch where the fuck is my payday? Almost 1 pm and no tributes is unacceptable... #findom #paypig #footfetish #finsub #footslave #domination #humiliation #bdsm #philly #goddess #feet URL
We can't use a hard r on fucking wigger now? Jesus christ if a fucking wigger can't handle being called a wigger he shouldn't be a fucking wigger.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
fucking arab fuck you
India is a huge scam. Winston Churchill was correct when he said ( paraphrased) Indians are a beastly people with a beastly religion. The famine was their own fault for breeding like rabbits.
Iran is evil says Israel. Also you must die to fight Iran in the name of the jews.
1v1 USA vs Iran. No need to get the rest of the world involved. Iran has wanted to destroy the USA for decades. Let's get it over with.
You could try fucking off back to Germany?
Question: Would @realDonaldTrump's response have been different if the #ElPaso shooter had been a Mexican or a Muslim?
This cock fits better in MY asshole
Work that pussy on my dick like this URL
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
who do these people think they are???? Also, most Jews vote Democrat in part to help gays. How dare a single gay in America show such ingratitude!
Beeto is suck a pussys bet He wears panties and a bra. What a punkass prick he is.
Fuck all you faggots then. I still got in the building with no help from you faggots. I'm in ALL Yankee shit my niggas.
Hit that bitch in the face with another ball. Fuck her.
Find a cock and fuck it.
inshallah all zionists rot in hell
@CB618444 @jko017 @baalter @LVNancy @Barracuda_Bella @RedheadTrump @skb_sara @MarkTJay3 @BryonnyM @thomesinc @adriandt31 Allah is actually satan URL
icce Mexico is a shithole of a country, exactly why my family left that dump
Pick up the bodies LOC.. They r not animals. They r Pakistanis. Shame on humanity. YOU TREAT YOUR OWN PEOPLE AS STRAY DOGS.
why theres no black Einstein? probably having sex with a white whore in a stole car... in americaaaaaaaa
@whorezoned Ahh I see you are a woman of culture as well
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Eventually a notation filled with ignorant and educated homophobes, literate and uneducated bigots, radical and fundamentals Christian, foolish and courageously vile, eventually get their chance to show the WORLD what they believe!!!!! Oh and this evil isn't relegated to ONE SKIN COLOR!!!!!!!!
real news i can bet my last dollar they are all jews alan dershiwitz alix acosta epstein weinstine right to the top of the ladder who is the most power full people in the usa .the fake jews why will the media not say jews be cause there owners probly involve in this satanic homo pedophile sick son ah bitches. i think there just stop human trafficking on usa border with those concertration camps thank god for the children safty
Just another ghetto fatty angry because she's horrifically ugly and a hippopotamic landmass; the result of a glorified ghetto culture that breeds ignorance, stupidity, and violence when confronted regarding that very ignorance and stupidity.
@b77_sarah @mark_selby723 So the American taxpayer and/or other American citizen patients of that hospital will pay the medical bills for a criminal, . . with NO respect for American sovereignty or rule-of-law. Anyone falling off our American border wall should be drug back on Mexico's side. . URL
@s_y_e_d_a_ @singhvivek73 @RifatJawaid @ArvindKejriwal By ur sick standards, if all muslims r so peace loving, how those Islamic Terrorists even came into existence? My terrorism is war, Jihaad but ur terrorism is terrorism? ISIS was there BECAUSE of muslims. Anyway. U know it that days r numbered for ur ignorance. So run faster.
"When was America great 4 u, u little white boy mother F—Er"  Cameras  suck. In the good old days, you'd get your teeth handed 2u 4 that shit.  #Drats have trained these wild animals 2 run amok against civilized ppl. #Degenerates #Trump2020Landslide  URL
Cause he's white and privileged so fuck him in particular even though he's raped one person and has been deemed unlikely to be a repeat offender. But fuck this guy in particular.
@ippatel @CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice @Dev_Fadnavis it's all conspiracy war strategy by Kathmullah which they briefed every Friday after ass lifting , how to keep reducing and increasing Islam by killing and converting, Mumbai police is failed to understand this even they were helping
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
fucken mexicans, they need to learn to be human.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
"Damn Jews making my life a living hell I'll show them ILL SHOW ALL OF THEM!" - Hitler
Now she's an easy target, put your dick in the little bitchs' mouth.
The US would have no trouble recruiting a couple of Nazi battalions of people willing to carry out the same atrocities Hitler would have been proud of and all of them would be so called "Christians", America is nothing but a sick joke, it's the most uneducated 1st world country on the planet.
THIS ACCOUNTS GAY FUCK ALL OF YOU NIGGERS GOODBYE
And you wonder why our world is going to shit it's idiots like this that think this is dope. STUPID FRENCH EGOTISTICAL FAGGOTS
This is the definition of unfuckable. Holy shit. Your parents should've aborted.
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
#AusPol @ScottMorrisonMP Africans yet again are you happy Morrison start immediate deportation of these creatures out of this country enough is enough our people don't deserve this URL
They're crossing the border illegally. They're criminals.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
In the bathroom... You're all a disgusting messy hive of hyenas and hobos!! Women's restrooms are by far the nastiest thing to clean in a public place. Work, retail, restaurants, hospitals, you name it and the women's room will *always* be the worst. Ya'll bitches is gross....
Those protestants. Up to no good as usual.
Just be thankful that you even have the freedoms to even talk like that both of us devil Western you're a fuck tard so when the radical Muslims are cutting your f****** head off because you don't bow to their religion I don't want to hear your crying be thankful for what you got because a lot of people died just for you to have what you have you f****** moron that's it I'm done
That's not a pussy of a college slut that's the blown out well used pussy of a 40yr hotwife that only takes 10in cocks.
No #alpha wants to fuck a hairy pussy, so #sissies shave and practice your hole so you have a nice little gape and he can fuck you bare with just some saliva! #sissy #sissyfication #sissyslut #anal #boipussy #shaved #sissyupskirt URL
so u beatin females now nigga, u a whole bitch
Are you fat and ugly? Yes, fuck her, shes a bitch. No? Fuck her, shes a bitch
Israel can you continue bombing these iranian terrorists into the ground? Thank you very much.
omar for president///  those white dude are EVIL  can't wait for PUTIN TO NUKE THEM ALL  YEAH I MEAN IT"S GONNA BE FUN
@Eusebius We dnt care about her tell her to go to hell
The last thing I have time for is your hoe ass
What a vile piece of islamophobic scum.
@Duke_Doberman Then yah tell em you're a gay looking dog stuffed animal wearing leather.
I want to force my big cock inside you and breed that tight slutty pussy all night long
Achieve what? Islamic Jihad? You're a degenerate and ingrate. You hate this great country. May you rot in hell
Nah this sub is literally a sub for white supremacists. eat shit you worthless incel. your mother should have aborted you
I'd use that pussy, then your ass, and have you pull out my cum with your gagging throat.
Nice way to go calling it the best upcoming movies when its all about women's ruling the world being the powerful ones while showing the mens bunch of pussies loser and not having the upper hand and not in control SMALL BOYS WILL BE WATCHING THESE SHITTY MOVIES AND GET BRAINWASHED lets go back 40 years ago or 100 or thousand fuck this new generation
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
@cathmckenna A lying privileged white girl who steals from the Canadian taxpayers and SHOOTS more SHIT into the oceans talking about "Conservative" waste...really MCKENNA....REALLY!SMFH
Sometimes it's just worth tossing a daughter or two to all of the men of the city to be their sex slave. It can be just an offer as with Lot in [Gen 19:8](URL But, sometimes the men of the city take you up on it as in [Judges 19:22-29](URL And, remember, if the men of the city don't take you up on your offer, you can fuck your daughters yourself, [Gen 19:30-38](URL Daughters don't fare well in the Bible, nor women in general.
gma/gpa are probably typical american retards.
was nice before all of em went bat shit insane and invited all the Mexicans to take over.
That is what garbage Democrats want all illegals lowlife scumbag, all drug cartel all MS-13 to come to USA to destroyed USA for them especially they got all illegals voters all they care is "Money & Power" Country go to hell they didn't care! Garbage Democrats!
one minute men be hitting on you and calling you cute n shii and once you reject them they be saying sum "you're ugly and gross and will never find a man. also did i say you were ugly?" URL
for all of you that try to use the Bible to disguise your homophobia. here you go  URL
These niggas be so fucking butt hurt when I leave they ass in the past, NIGGA FUCK YOU
I need a new Twitter all I see is pussy on here & im married to a male  can't keep looking @ that shitt
You don't breed. You're a pussy and your kids would be pussies
Fucking whores
At least someone gets it! Damn white dogs with their hegemonic systemic patriarchal Homo-erectus microaggressive unsafe-spaces. They're so intolerant, they're basically Nazis, we should gather them into camps and then burn them! I feel so good about myself because I'm righteous .
sell guns to anybody but white men. thanks
You just proved the point...black ppl not finna have no fucking green eyes
I am white. You mods are racist scum and you can go ahead and ban me to save the effort of unsubscribing. Go fuck yourselves. White white white white white white white white whiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite
OLDSKOOL978 Their country is the country they are loyal to, not some legal definition like citizenship
Same. Catch these illegal fucks and send them back.
Swiggitty swack It's wack you're black
WOE to EUROPE which REJECTED GOD AND BIBLE and RESULTS IN THE CURSE ALSO CANCER OF MUSLIM REFUGEES WHO ARE INVADER AND FREELOADERS and BARBARIC SHARIA fellows
They come to the inner cities because Democrat cities have very lose welfare qualifications, but its race pimping ,add in illegals and you have a situation where teenagers are competing for jobs with people that will work for cheaper, this is why you went the emotional route because you don't want to acknowledge what a hopeless abyss the plantations have become enjoy your day time tv and unproductive existence
I hope they deport illhan omar , and occasional cortex
Would love sucking on them before I put my cock between them and fucked them
Russia is just a big used diaper of a country and the people are moronic. The food is shit, there is less culture than in America, and all they want to do is play cops and robbers all day, while selling parts of their mother they killed so they can buy more meth. At least keep your delusional dictatorship in your own country.
The Middle East is riddled with inhumane scum.
Looks like she's ready to be fucked by a couple of dicks.
You have wide hips and I'd love to tongue fuck your pussy before I fill it
India should loose and have constipation
Let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as Mass Murderer. They will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens. Their punishment will be their wives raped. or probably their daughter
stupid bitches
@EnochAyoade @_s_i_v_a_n_a @Cute_Olodo You black ppl are disgusting! That's why ppl from America take the animals away from you sick freaks! You abuse animals like Thier your play things!
There ya go. Watch this sh*t. M*slims infiltrate, then have a long-term plan to destroy America. Gutter religion. Third-World trash. Nobody wants them. Now they are in Europe in droves thanks to Killary, Barry Hussein, & Angela Merkel. Now they are in the USA. Gutter Trash. URL
If I wanted my cum back, I'd wipe it off your mother's chin
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
If you eat #Halal #Halalmeat I really hope you choke.
Mostly it's crazy white women that are more privileged than %99.999 the rest of the world. And the dumbass men that follow their lead hoping to get some ass.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
I hear it's trendy to keep immigrants from the south in cages these days. Just a bunch of job stealing criminals.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
s ex sites tits different breast size and shape potn hub freesex ? ? teen fucking cosplay nude xhamster' christian singles dating URL
They made Aladdin black lmao.. leftist racist cucks
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
You white people love to kill
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
@TomFitton Omar,is an Islamic terrorists from Somalia,this demented ungrateful black monkey must be sent back to Somalia where she came from
Send that criminal and his kind back to the shithole country where he and his ancestors came from. America is only for Americans, no place for his kind!
Women are murderers of unborn babies, evil
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
gay people should die
the religion is evil also.
Here goes this fat bitch with her stupid ass memes that will NEVER! Be relevant get a life and go find a baby daddy bitch
America is near its destruction... look at this nation they fight with every nation and when other nations fight them back they will powerless also they have problems in inside its own..go back to GOD
Another mass killing. Another white supremacist.  If the President of the United States could stop emboldening racist pieces of shit, that would be great.
Someone has screamed Allahu Cat-bar. Now you heard it. These people who deny reason or logic looks same to Jihadists.
Omg let's find this psychotic bitch
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
id fist that dirty cunt
Yes, lets baptize them in the name of Odin, Thor and Freya...by burning them Christians to ashes
@_kelgould Especially if you're a whore and hanging out with losers with diseases and acting like it's no big deal
Start the ICE RAIDS IN BOSTON, MASS START PICKING UP THE OVER 100,000 ILLEGAL ALIEN IRISH LETS THROW THESE RAPISTS , CRIMINALS, DRUNKS AND PREDATORS !! JUST TAKE THEM OUT TO THE SHORE POINT THEM TO THE EAST AND IF THEY DON'T JUMP INTO THE OCEAN JUST FORCE THEM WITH ANY MEANS POSSIBLE
@AnnCoulter Nasty ass lady. Your family were immigrants at one time too! You act as though you're somehow better than others.
Doctors should be trying to eradicate devolution, genetic defects, fagtards, incels, learning disbabiltiies, and unnatural unsustainable eternally devolving hellbound humanzee obamanations... all that do otherwise are committing crimes against nature, evolution and must be eradicated and charged and publicly executed for crimes against nature, evolution, and humanity.
Whoever is hittin it, ain't hittin right cause he actin like he need some pussy in his life
what a faggy post
FUCK MY MILF CUNT! IMPREGNATE ME WITH YOUR BBC BABY BATTER! I CAN'T STAND THESE WHITE SHRIMPDICKS ANYMORE! PLEASE, DESTROY ME!!! URL
Fuck nigga I might spit in yo face
BRITAIN IS LOST , TAKEN OVER BY ANJEM CHAWDARY 'S MUSLIMABAD..BRITS PEOPLE MOVE TO AUSTRALIA AND CANADA AND THROW OUT ALL THE MUSLIMS, AFRICANS FROM THERE, AND SANCTION THE WHOLE UK. NO TRADE WITH NONE OF THE WORLD, SO THEY CAN START FARMING, INSTEAD OF PRAYING. LOL.
don't say weird sexual stuff as a joke or find a girl that has an actual fucking sense of humor
Women who gave birth to 10 Children at the age of 25 years, is given #TripleTalaq because she denied her Shauhar for 11th child in Firozabad. Women are made child machine & slave in this Cult that's why they are challenging #TripleTalaq Law, Constitution & Supreme Court order. URL
Zionist Nazi mafia judge.. zionist plan is to flood America with 50 million more in the next 5 years
@The_OutcastKidd @KEEMSTAR Stfu u cunt u can't even move from ur own bed u desaybeld piecesof shit.
@ThomasJTobin1 2/2 So, you're right, [some] Catholics ("they") are really harmful to children. Particularly those ones that call themselves priests and have committed grave acts of sexual violence. Fuck off Bishop.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
FUCK ALL MUSLIMS I MUZZELED YALLS ASS ALONG TIME AGO.
Shut the fuck up you faggot
All bitches can do is mug and talk but ain't about SHIT, fucking clowns
@YusufDFI No amount of boot licking will earn you a 1st class citizen status. You were, you are and you will always remain a despicable Muslim citizen of a 3rd class country which will lycnh you, kill you and f**k you, as and when desired! Now F**k off
Only faggots go to hell.
Only a Faggot will cum to this!  URL Go fetch yours @ URL #FemDom #MakeMeBi #SlutTraining #Humiliation #GoddessWorship #FinDom #ForcedBi #CEI #JOI #Edging #orgasmDenial #Latina #RT @rubberdom @Natuky85 @DirkHooper @rtfindom @RT_Slave URL
British once ruled the world, now the country is ran by soyboy faggots who allowed subhumans take over their country and their traditions.
Retards like you go to hell.
Yes, thank you. Also, mental health isn't the fucking issue. There is *no evidence* to suggest these people are mentally ill. Fuck.
Yeah, turning that anger to others really helps incels as they throw children over the railings of malls and talk about killing themselves all the time
Fuck her tits in that tiny tank top. Throw her down and rip those shorts off and fuck her from behind.
Only these powerful jooz have already gotten "governments" involved for decades. Thats how they know who can be trusted to be promoted to the top - by the amount of dirt they have on them.
Old papaw says it put the Jews at Bay so they stopped making virgin sacrifices to Satan
Hell shutting down our borders is too late in trying to keep out terrorists Crap we have 5 in the house of Reps thats causing more kaos than if we had them running amouck down our streets and crap if me or my Family was in Prez Trumps seat that Mex Flag raised over a U S Fed building there would've been some toe tags dished out that day that is total disrespect to OUR country that's showing a foreign take over by another country That's not showing or asking for asylum here Sorry if this offends any cry babys out there too DAMM BAD
Racist ass bitch
Always thought incels were a joke. A myth of sorts. Turns out I was wrong. You exist after all.
@rep_stevewomack Lol. Snowflakes. Rush to your fainting couch before I grab you by the pussy and send you back to your shithole country.
@realDonaldTrump is an #IllegitimatePresident and the head of his white nationalists organization. #DomesticTerrorism isn't his bag b/c they're white deranged men just like he is! URL
How about we send white people back to the caves
And 10 Pakistani street shit eaters
NO PUSSY NO OPINION KILL ALL MEN FUCK THE PATRIARCHY ALLAHU AKBAR
I hate this fucking argument because there are a lot more fucking prolife people in the us than there are radical islamists
Wait for it... the Dayton shooter, Dayton Terrorist, is yet another White Supremacist. An angry white man in America who just goes around killing mass numbers of people at will. #daytonshooter #DaytonTerroristAttack #TrumpsTerrorists URL
@ARYNEWSOFFICIAL @iaalikhan Political is so sweet Hog BONE  IN PAK for Nawaz families they must licked it all times tills there graves They been lies to the nation last 35 years we as nation trusted theses son of bitches now times to flushed them the toilet to get rid of disease
Hmmm? Slow down? You're in no position to give demands sweetie! I think I'll shove even more of my big fat futanari cock down your throat! //spell checked by @CumSlutSamus , XD pay her in ass slaps URL
Don't piss off Jesus. You wouldn't like him when he's cross.
Get the fuck out of here you pussy ass bitch go suck your moms dick you faggot
This is how you hold down a faggot and own his hole URL
I can't fucking wait to watch you getting ruined.. cock after cock like a dirty little cum whore.. URL
Only because of vaccines! Boys should be bigger and better than girls in every way, always.
Hey us at /r/teenagers stick our dicks in random shit not act like them
This whore needs to have the same shit done to her, throw her around a few times then shove vodka down her throat then throw her again. Useless scum wasting oxygen.
Lick your pussy and fuck your pussy
All the niggas I know in the hood that got mad kids with different women always had a touch of retardation but were good at talking to women.
If they lock up all women, then they'll be forced to sleep with each other. Then they'll probably end up in jail. Then the U.S. won't be number one in incarcerated population.
What a cunt. I'd poke a hole in her fucking condoms, or switch out her birth control for fake pills. What a sack of shit. Alternatively slashing her tires is also reasonable.
@NavitZothamawi1 @Crocodile_Lyle @gaywonk @YouTube Get back to me when dudes in rainbow hoods are riding through town in the night targeting heterosexuals after 400 years of their being enslaved as breeders, finally securing their freedom, and buying some land that the Gay majority wants. (I don't expect you to get that either.)
Someone send these yutes back to Bangladesh  URL
I hope you die you fucking bitch
'King James had sex with his mother. Is that your edition? Is that your religion?' - Ice Cube, "When I Get To Heaven"
Demons don't go after Ugly girls because they think they're being possessed already.
I learned from Contrapoints (newly discovered and one of my favs now) that Incel-Ness is an ultimatly fatalistic viewpoint which tells them that even if they increase thier value on the marketplace, thier skull or wrists or height will only get them enough value for women to use them for marriage and children and then divorce them to fuck Chads again.  It's a way to blame the failures of women and genetics, and nothing is on them. They are actually 'woke'. No improvement necessary or possible.
That happens when you've been riding the cock carousel for so long that you're not gonna be able to make a connection with another human being... from this thots those abuser mothers
@Muhammad was a pedophile caravan robber sorry i cant hear you over your retarded whiny screename snowflake, you'll have to speak in a less idiotic manner.
Youre all absurd.  Well, stop RESISTING ARREST you stupid yahoo always playing the victim even though your race is 13 percent of the population BUT causes the most violent crime then any other race.  Yeah but lets forget about that little tidbit of information because its " Racist " ( SIGH )
Buzzfeed has to make sure this video is sufficiently gay to meet publication standards. Buzzfeed cannot disappoint their base of idiots and freaks.
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from "god" without question
Nah, they're just cunts. There's little privilege where they come from.
the meme is simple son. start a new relationship and she will fuck you with abandon and let you do as you will to her marry her and the sex stops... think about that . think. can you see it? women would rather fuck strangers than have sex with the guy who loves her enough to fully commit. so when the wife you sacrificed everything for wont give you a handjob on your birthday. just FUCKING KNOW that should you divorce she will be letting a bloke she just met finger her butt hole as she sucks him dry. so fucking arse backwards
In all fairness, she was a malignant cunt.
Hippocratic people . its because Nigerians spoke. He should step down. You guys don't respect Nigerians. Fulanis kidnapping and killing and senators disrespecting our women and the president wanting to take land from Nigerians and police and army beating up poor Nigerians. What has poor Nigerians done to you leaders. Please tell it to us. The president wants to give foreigners fulanis from other countries our land and the Nigerian fulanis say are with the them .so people Please divide this country now. There will be war oooooooo
Maybe if we bomb Mexico they will pay their crimes then.
Das what happen when USA is bombing other countries and Killing innosent peoples .. now try to stop this one. Kongo for life and Afrika for life..
Nuke the americans
The fucking surrogate bodies are failing
Mormonism is a cult with excommunication.. don't know how you can say the average American is just as a brainwashed.
Guys like you are the reason fat ugly bald women get laid.
Finally someone actually says it out in the open in the place it needs to be said. You know the left prolly hates how a female minority is siding with free speech and protecting the right as well as the left even though they wouldn't even give most of us the time of day
Nobody: SirBuckets: I'm a mentally retarded fuckboy
Change the laws now. secure the border or choke on your beloved illegal invaders
Southern Christianity is fucked up, prove me wrong
Fucktard Zionist Nazi says if your political opinions different than mine you'r not American...That's how ZioNazi starts WW2
Fuck all Christians, they should all be locked away in mental hospitals for having a close and personal relationship with a figment of their imaginations.
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Americans forgot get that they are the invaders! This wasn't they're land ! You guys took it by raping and murdering innocent people !
Most likely it was just a black thug.
if my nigga not this stiff on bitches i don't want you  URL
Christianity bad
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Did u know faggots is a bunch of sticks MCR u bunch of sticks
Death to iran
This must be a new low for the Indian parliament. URL
Shut up nigger ass bot
God I hate these women who think destroying property and attacking men are acceptable responses to men being unfaithful. Maybe a slap, I think that is fair...or just don't sleep with men until you trust them.
#StopEatingMeat Muslims kill animals in the name of Allah.  The person who creates violence.  Whether (Cow, Pigs, Goat, Poultry, Man etc) kill any creature.  They great sinner.  They can never get heaven.  @aajtak URL
@TomiLahren "An invasion at the border"?! Shut the fuck up you heartless cunt.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
With all this racism still alive and well in 2019, the conclusion is simple. White people are evil down to their very core white people have hate in their heart plain and simple.
Go home India shame less creatures
Those anti American. should be eliminated from our country. .
If there was a god, each and every one of those televangelist fucks would be turned to a pillar of salt, on air. The prosperity fucks would turn to fire, screaming, then ashes.
Jesus was political, pastor says, as he writes signs outside his church condemning white supremacy. URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
Should've beat that other nig's ass too.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
We need another holocaust
Nathan K god i swear you faggots always name the same generic player first good names you can think of no matter how random stick to fifa and your gay music kid
I'd probably executed the little faggot on the spot.
@rooshv Allow you you spunktrumpet! Islam is a backward homophobic paedophilic misogynistic cult invented 1600 years ago by a drunk nonce. Happy to help
The whole system is fuckef up the whole system is corrupt old fucking white men and just white men get away with the shit. Ain't that a bitch that's why the bitch is going to crumble from within you watch and see all this fucking hate United States of America no divided States of America!
It's crazy how some men think just because they personally find you unattractive, annoying, or whorish, you should just be willing to settle with any man who throws you attention. They deadass be surprised when certain women have standards
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now fucking take it, cry all you want that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boipussy apart he'll only stop when he is done & shoots his huge load deep inside. URL
Damn, this couldn't be in the USA. No white knights jumping out from everywhere.
I just called you retarded, you retard. You can't come up with your own insults? It's like you were born out of your mom's ass yesterday and just figured out how to type on the internet today. Get good, fuckwit.  Do you even understand that being in the "upper echelon of non-functioning brains" means I'm the most intelligent out of the group you're trying to place me with? Well guess what? You're in the *lower* echelon of non-functioning brains. Idiot.  Finally it's not nice to encourage suicide. So please slit your wrists and drown in your own blood, cunt.
@ScratchALiberal Immigration quotas should be based on how much that country ruined other countries.  Related: all humans on the planet granted British Citizenship
Did some stick a Lego in your cunt?
@unclewaffffles Stop fucking niggas that got hot cheeto dust and blunt residue under their finger nails
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
What a stupid brainless cunt that woman
Go back to Mexico Juan, you should be helping YOUR country. I'm not racist but i think your country needs more help than ours.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
We must remove this cancer that the USA and British Zionists planted on top of Palestine because this Israel is the biggest threat to Europe ever to exist! I just hope Europe honours its citizens by kicking the ass of the USA, and never have any business with it. Death to Israel and all its zionists!
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
Nobody say turn up anymore. And BET aka bullshit entertainment trash supports trash artists while sh****ing on real talent. You Wack asses are owned by white people lol. Change the name black entertainment to BULLSHIT
@thatgirlinsb @janet_graybill What a novel way to combine sex and religion. Only in America. Bet he has a thriving clientele of willing "victims."
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
California doesn't need stupid illegals, who cost our state and tax payers $30 billion per year! All while our taxes and fees for everything are higher and higher! While most illegals don't pay any taxes at all! I'm so sick of illegals. They need to apply and come the legal way, not with fake social securities and committing crimes!
I think you need to shut tha fuck up because your straight garbage nigger. Let me show you. URL
India is doing something big against Kashmiris.  This must be noticed by UON. India Is just fucking shit country who hide their inner problems by crossing LOC & Raising Kashmir Issue. No Power can defeat Allah's Power  Allah Ho Akbar #IndiaUsingClusterBombs URL
So fucking annoying. Fuck this shitty faggot.
Bro... why is saudi even a place? Pour acid on that whole country URL
Wow you are fucking retarded, guess we have to shoot every person in sight to stop any potential mass shootings, you fucking retard, you think these shooters are going to announce they are shooting up a place and give you time to shoot them back? Ur dumb as fuck.
Shut that cunts mouth before I come over there and fuck-start her head!
Girls like her should have their vagina ripped off, sealed in a chest, and thrown into the ocean and let it sink to the bottom.
Bitches are fucking stupid
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
id whoop both of them and move on. i date idiots so she played herself anyways
you should shut the fuck up with your agendas. nigger
you could beat a bitch ass, ignore a bitch, block a bitch, even pray for a bitch & these bitches still gon sub and stalk you all day lol shit blows me. hoes special frfr
I'm with you. I'm pretty sure all the women and children are just hauled around in buses by the media until it's time for another photo shoot. Pisses me off. Just look at all these damn men. One of them a big pussy boy with cankles wearing a shirt that says (ON English, no less) "Man Up or Shut Up" while he's *RUNNING AWAY FROM HIS COUNTRY*. What a bitch. URL.jpg
I bet he bows to satan, another sodomised gentile.
An old pro. Stroking away and varying pace. She's handled so much dick, she may as well have been born with one.
@realDonaldTrump The only viciousness is your hateful, demented, vile, unhinged, white supremacist, vitriol towards the four Congresswomen of color.  You're a nasty, misogynistic, bigoted, sexual predator, who is intimidated by strong women, especially women of color. URL
Making fun of mental health and poor people with bad teeth is the tenets that created this dynasty....and Christine saying nigger.
+David Mc  Yeah, that wasn't my point. Race. I don't care what color he was either.   But I'm glad you agree on the white male part, because it's the truth.
Females are fucking stupid
@IlhanMN You go fuck your self bitch! You are Anti Semitic, Anti American! Get the fuck out of Congress you disgusting bitch
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
My lil dicked sissy bitch would never get that little cock close to me in person, he'd be locked up and have his cock and balls tortured for my pleasure URL
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
she wants some more cum today, because she surrounded by several men who will fuck her three holes in the chain and cum in her on it is their submissive bitch
Fuck off homos
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@ReydlBarrio @RyanAFournier Not civilians! That's murder, and terrorism... legal means must be used to secure the border or we invite lawlessness, and terrorism in revenge against Americans.
There are no chick with dicks only guys with tits
They've captured a whole religion (falun gong) and sold their organs before. No surprise honestly even if they massacre the concentration camps.
Boris wants to push through May's toxic #WithdrawalAgreement minus the backstop. So, continuity May. That's a further transition period, £39bn for the gangsters in Brussels and the UK in the EU army. Boris is a fraud. URL
fuck that fag
You never thought you'd put on women's clothing before me now you're even sucking cock for me  oh well it's the only thing you know now  get used to it bitch #findom URL
The us woman's team is a fucking disgrace to footballs everywhere!!! Why do they even play of they hate there own nation??? Fucking American's lol
This clown in a dirty ass basement somebody throw a cup of water on this dirt ball electricute his ass gully a beat Cho ass bro watch ya mouth fagget
> She just killed hundreds of men because of it, didn't she? Maybe that's why she didn't tell?
Fuck Mongolians.
and fuck gay people
@YBCBlock she wasn't even cute stop gassing these bitches
Black american stop complaining and kill every white police in nyork
MEGAN LOOKS LIKE A MIDGET WANNABE SOCCER STAR LOL TOO BAD YOU DIDNT WIN BEST FEMALE OF THE YEAR AWARD LMFAO DISRESPECT MORE OF WHAT THEY PAID THEIR LIFE FOR IT!
Man, I don't hate white people. Im just saying none of this shit is genocide. If i go out and kill say 10 indians and declare i want to exterminate all Indians, that isn't genocide. I linked anti black, muslim and jewish statistics because thats what most people who propagate "white genocide" would refute.
Uh okay psycho. How about people like you just kill yourselves and the world become more peaceful. Deal?
to be clear though, islam as an organization of relgioun is the enemy, not the average muslim person. Most muslims in reality are just perfectly normal people stuck under or tricked into supporting atrocious regiemes.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Black culture is mentally sick
Using your gown to cover your face and arms I'd pin you down then force my cock in your holes then force breed that cunt
native European monkeys should keep their mouths shut then
If Sasha de Sade was transformed at The Sissy Institute, doesn't that mean you maybe should? Do you want to be trained to be a PORNO SLUT like she is? Who wants to learn to transform like Sasha? URL @baileylove69 @tvbunni @nyxi_leon @tsmyanine #sissy #ts
Why did the Hondurans byrn the US embassy? The embassy of the country they seek asylum in. These are not the type of people I want in my country. Burning e symbol of the country you ask for help from? Really. They are coming hear to get on the MAGA bandwagon. Yeah right. People are so ignorant.
How many Jews raped you as a child?
bitches either want ya connections, ya nigga or ya life.
Didn't pick well, girls signal this shit early in the relationship but guys tend to ignore it for the sake of regular pussy.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Kids nowadays are fucking rude, please kill them before they breed URL
If yall faggots waste votes on this clownery im taking your rights back URL
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Wait omar ? You mean the Woman that was running around yelling allahu akbar pretending that it was a peaceful word and hasnt been used as a war cry for 1200 years and she hate Israel ?? This insane radical woman is part politics now and is one of our leaders? WTF
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Why the fuck can't I beat black children?! I can do that IRL right now! Fucking SJW cucks
You trained trumpanzee peckerwoods are beyond retarded at this point. Their country of origin is America you dumb opioid baby, and they are questioning the politics of their country of origin...and you inbred euro filth are crying about it.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
@pastorlocke She was a refugee you racist piece of shit! The United States caused her homeland to be destroyed you huge pile of human waste!
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
One of these chicks need to be arrested. Register em as a sex offender. Kill all that shit URL
Of course, you little brown whores are so eager to throw away your old life for this white cock
@Timcast Ok if "send her back" is disgusting then how about "ship her back" or "fly her back" or maybe "throw her racist ass out". Yeah....that last one sounds the best.
Fuck dat stupid ass white trash judge backing up dat faggot ass d.o da bitch seen it w her own eye's haha I hope y'all die slow n fuck MARICOPA sheriff's office I've been there niggas geh treated worse denn a dog...
Gross who fucked that ugly strongest woman in the world!
Shut up you fucking tranny
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Incels are retarded, but those who get "offended" by stupid shit like this are even worse.
Fuck americans
Whores, pay attention. This is what happens when you beg for that cum in your cunt. Just go anal and save us all the trouble.
Seriously, I fucking hate the "government" or whatever of Saudi Arabia.
Yes deport all of that filth out of Europe that doesn't belong there
All blacks need to die
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
I would gently slap her pretty face with my dick before covering it with a load of cum.
"spit on me and call me a nigger" hours
Because the Irish all just decided to murder their own culture and starve themselves to death.
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
If you're gonna call someone "the r word" why not just call him retarded.
@Kaitlyn Bell Says the bigot Libertard.
ok whores u know what to do :) URL
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
I would fuck your little white boy pussy until you die, ur just another beta whitey pretending to be black on the internet, fucking bitch
i would love to see the whore get used and degraded. see her get cum shoved up her pussy, ass and down her throat. see her face and the tits covered in cum. At least 8 cocks.
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Your language for one dumb fuck. I know your ultra Americanized brain has rejected any notion of Arab identity because you didn't want to be picked on by the white bullies at your low income public school, but for one your home countries native fucking language you impudent shit.
This is the exact kind of whore I'd expect to find in a cheesecake factory bathroom. Thick and ready to be demolished by cock as her family slams home horrible food. You go back to the table and leak cum onto the booth as you wonder if the bruising on your neck and fat tits will show up before dessert does
Get the fuck up pigs and submit and serve your Master.  #findom #alpha #cashmaster #find0m #cashcunt #finsub #cashfag #paypig #beta #alphamale #cuck #cuckold URL
lol this nigga actually believes those retarded black israelites
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
@joanna thao yea you do and are so stfu bi!ch
@OmarAbdullah @ImranKhanPTI Omar Abdulla is like Dil Dil Terroristan. Total fan boy. IRP has enough money for RDX, saving for more to blast your people to bits, and shells across vorder, but Srinagar elite give a shit because Allah preached racism
@ashoswai @AnsarAAbbasi He @narendramodi is a terrorist with ful strength against innocent.. He is real ISIS.. @UN must take action against india
@wasifali665 So fuck rich niggers
You are actually fucking retarded, please fucking go see a doctor you fucking retard
What has Indian civilisation of the past anything to do with infrastructural and socio-economic backwardness of the present? People like you make me feel sick. I'd probably punch you if I ever saw you in public.
She is butt fucking ugly as shit!
logging on here, everything's all 'cuck this'... 'cuck that'... 'cuck you'... but for my money, nothing screams Bang My Wife quite like drinking coffee. like you're taking a drug that makes you better at the job thats got u sleep deprived in the first place. id sooner huff jenkem
They're willing participants. Idk how they're victims. Until these women can be proven to have done this stuff against their will and underage and weren't compensated, I refuse to believe they're victims.
The neo-nazi anti-semitic america trying to suppress successful jewish people. Not surprising! Trump gets elected and they go after prominent jews! Well done Nazi America!
Once we eliminate, wipe out white people, there wouldn't be any more this racist bullshit. #antifa
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Can we all at least agree that racist Christian conservative right wing white men are the cause of most of the suffering, misery & death in the world? Not for nothing, but I can't remember the last time a liberal vegan atheist was out in the streets shooting innocent folks.
Muslims are the problem-say it!! MUSLIMS ARE THE PROBLEM!! F**K THEM UNTIL THEY COME INTO THE MODERN WORLD!! AMERICA-LOVE IT OR GET YOUR SORRY ASS OUT!!! MAGA!!!
soon ireland too would be run over by those niggers.
I'd hatefuck the fuck outta her
This presidency is going to fail like all his other bushiness, at least hes consistent!. Great job white Amerikkka!
Nothing to see here folks, just stay seated and remain calm.... we are the gov. and the msm, you can trust ussssssssss hisssss. Just a tiny observation but if the border wasn't an issue, then why do most automated services require pressing 1 for English and 2 for Spanish?????? why not Hungarian or French or Arabic or Chinese, etc...... just saying, a small observation, not racism just a little observation. Not a problem ordering a pizza but my local gov. wtf?!?!?!
I can hit you're bitch but u never can hit mine nigga
i will suck a niggas dick who i like anywhere, any time of the day URL
Theresa Kim But celebrating he's a homo is a political viewpoint. The genius of code-breaking isn't.
STRAIGHT PEOPLE ARE CRAZY
Women shouldn't be in leadership anyway. What's going to happen if the country gets invaded? WHY ARE THEY SO MEAN TO US, WHAT DID WE DO? WAAAAAAA
Too late. Already have a large family.  Fuck Islam, and fuck the Democrats, and most importantly fuck you and your entire bloodline you retarded sack of shit. I hope you kill yourself when Trump gets re-elected in 2020.
It's time to leave this country if you don't like it. These women are a bunch of clowns.
And rot in hell you little boy peepee touching faggot Michael jackson
its the demorat created this hell hole on our southern boarder by funding and organizing the caravans and bring them up to the southern boarder …….come on honey grab the kids we are walking up to the USA today no way organized and funded by the demorats
Brown & Black people need to all unite against WHITES now!! They have always been the white devils enslaving, killing, raping, and stealing native lands!!! Kill all whites.
Hey folks, yo #mama is so #BLM , she shoplifts #samples from stores!
I swear to god there's some sort of new Asian parent orientation and they is literally the first thing they discuss. Genuinely every Asian person I know has their parent tell them this
Ask your mom how much of a man I am. She'll show you all my handprints on her ass. You want my address? Check your mom's phone settings under her GPS's most visited places, you fucking pussy. You can't get to me because your mom spent your travel money buying mouthwash because I cum in her mouth so much she looks like her teeth are melting. For fuck's sake, tell her to get it together before I start showing your dad videos of me slapping her face with my cock. It's fucking amatueur hour at your house.
muslims are the scum of the earth.
One day we will murder farmers for the genocide they've committed of animals. Fuck white farmers.
America is trash and full of disgusting people
So if these Chinese Muslims where to launch a missile, kill nobody and the Chinese response was to drop a bomb on a school, shoot up some teenagers or drop white phosphorus on some folks, who do you think deserves more cirtcism? The superior military power or the small group of terrorists who are almost entirely toothless?
What a bunch of ThOtS aMiRiTe
@blicktargaryen @NoWahala_ @beans1million They want you to be fighting on their enjoyment. Don't trust these niggers
The reason these dense fucks pull this off is because it worked for them years ago. They've gone their whole life power tripping and getting away with shit plus are now much more emboldened especially since racism has been normalized by the Cheeto-n-Chief. These next few years we will see an increase of these types of moronic white Americans making fools of themselves being racist on video thinking is ok only to get shit canned.
kill em all, put them hoes to rest. URL
I want to stick my cock in you, I'm so horny for you babygirl
@BasedPoland Absolutely delightful. Disarm your citizens then flood them with these animals. Enjoy the end of your once beautiful country.
Trump is right. We need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out. And then build a wall so they can't get back in. Then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much.
They're all a bunch of faggot ass munchers at morehouse anyway
Her nation is overrun with Muslims and she's going to talk about us? She turned a proud nation into a dumping site for the worlds garbage. I cant wait for the US to collapse so we could finally put these liberals in the ground.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
some gays are literally TRASH.
@GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump 18-30 million illegals in this country...Congress & previous administrations have been letting Americans down for DECADES!
@trapuhh @Bomaah @ColtxTrons @lesurooni Get off meat period faggot you play with other dudes hair fucking weirdo
Wow what a fucking absolute piece of shit. I have no words for a worthless waste of skin. She strikes me as the type too if someone *did* get raped she'd claim the baby was a miracle or some shit. I would mail pictures of your stacks of money and cat photos. Fuck her into the dark corners of the Mariana Trench.
Behold, the day of the Lord is coming, Cruel, with fury and burning anger, To make the land a desolation; And He will exterminate its sinners from it. — Isaiah 13:9 May the Lord bring swift judgment to these people... URL
And the country should not be held hostage by a small group of hillbillies and their White Supremacists/Nationalist allies. Conservatives need to reign then in before they get ppl hurt.
>If a woman wants to ruin a man, all she has to do is say he raped her. As soon as she does the man might as well quit his job, leave his family, abandon all his property, and go straight to jail. Usually, since it comes down to a case of his word against mine, the man is sentenced to jail time, even if the woman can't prove that there was an actual rape lol wtf are you talking about? Typical alt-right incel bullshit.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
@Bishopoftyler Maybe spend less time diddling children and more time licking your windows. Spreading hate because your imaginary friend said so in a book you read isn't a good look for anyone.
Grab the pregnant female illegal Aliens. Let them have their baby in their own country.
Ebola disappeared, WALL DISAPPEARED, AL-QAEDA VANISHES, ISIS?....NO ONE KNOWS. NORTH KOREA? Shhhhh...lets keep this public distracted, while we bomb ONLY MUSLIM COUNTRIES AND blame their government for it. *MURICA*
If I wanted my cum back I'd wipe it off your moms face.
ICE should deport all Mexican or Spanish talking cockroach from usa.
Nice set of fuck holes on you, slut. You'd make a fine toy for me to use and abuse. To assfuck hard on a daily basis. Give your life meaning somehow
Anyone else kinda want to see Israel just burn to the ground?
Yeah, but I never said word one about women not having sexual feelings, so I'm wondering why you're attributing this to me.
I'm hardly triggered or beta, I'm trying to help Jesse. You are all lost boomers full of jew sperm
Fuck tthat schizo dox those fags
hey bitch what's up bitch suck my dick bitch URL
Pussy fag
Just a heads up for everyone: the jew kills himself, I know, no one cares about the jewish kid.
​ i guess in California all you need to parential consent to get a sex change.  atleast finish high school first before you become useless to society
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Why do all these faggots have the most insufferable?
Ladies when you been fw a nigga and he say " he don't want a relationship rn" he just don't want one with you.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Oh please Sweden keep this nigga behind bars FOR-FUCKING-EVER!!! URL
As opposed to all those [enlightened non-racist New Yorkers city dwellers stopping and frisking folks](URL-and-frisk_in_New_York_City) for being black or hispanic?
Offer up one way bus tickets to California for the homeless and illegal immigrants and cut off government aide seeing how they are so tolerant to this type of society.
fucking bunch of virgins. URL
@BIG A That's a nice fake mustache you have there. Anything to convince others that you're not a fragile transgender, right? Is that how your kind of vapid logic goes? I don't think I've mastered your intellectually fraudulent craft yet. Help is appreciated. Thanks, fragile item.
Commentary: The Congresswoman Representing Somalia   I am an immigrant. I want Representative Ilhan Omar (D-Mogadishu) to go back to the shithole country she came from. And I want her to stay there. URL
@playboicarlsin1 Stupid ass white boy go back to school and shoot something
spliffsperlunk And they own your white asshole kids who love that black tarr heroin
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Pff. Bitch ass slut ass whores.
@Sunsenshi @gallochelys Methinks what is more important is the 38 billion we send every year to Israel so they can kill Palestinians and occupy their lands.
@AOC Hey everyone, it's me, @SpeakerPelosi. You know who is the REAL enemy of the people? *rattles off a list of women of color in congress*
@LindaFairstein you're a disgusting piece of shit i hope you have children that get wrongfully accuses of a rape so you can't watch them grow into adults you piece of walking garbage. Disgusting
After the US destroys every boat the Iranians have, anybody can go thru without worrying about Iranian islamic trash... and PERSIA WILL BE FREE TO BURY ISLAM FOREVER.
Yeah, but the drug traffickers and human traffickers are paying our politicians to keep the border open.
Lol those stupid cops are from the UK such a pussy country, they have no guns.. go ahead and beta their ass what are they gonna do?
Bitches are soo dumb nowaday they will go to the grimiest bar find the grimiest nigga wish he Prince Charming then he take u to his place and gangbang ya butthole for free
@Aabhas24 But these 'devil people' are their own mullahs and family members. And they're raping cows dogs and goats as well these devil people. Next they ll cover all animals in a burkha tent.
Fuck China. Bunch of hosers.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Dead bitches got da best pussy
@kirstensdavis An idiot on the internet one time asked me "if you're such a feminist, why aren't you into women?" and I lost half my brain cells
it's so funny seeing all the snowflakes turning everything into racism and then Trump just keeps Ploughing through them again only to create more fake racism news lollllllll notice how the black women said 'he needs to go back to where he came from'  she is a true Bozo
Oh, so we should be killing white babies too then? Yay for Asian superiority. /s
@lacking_motive @FuggerNugger @DumbBiBat My nigga, you are a human. If you dont wanna be one, do us all a favor and actually kill yourself.  You're not funny, you're not edgy, you're not cool, your 1 follower wont give a shit about you and most likely the problem in society.
The democrats are inviting more homeless illegal people to cross the border while they complain it's not enough money and housing while these illegals are jumping the line for affordable housing while some Americans have been waiting for years. Seems like all illegals do is break laws and jump lines.
Watch out motherfucker I'll trans your gender
Your bitch on my dick she a waste of ur time
Oh LOOK! Another old white man thinking he should be able to control what a woman does with her insides!
All the niggas I know in the hood that got mad kids with different women always had a touch of retardation but were good at talking to women.
#Loveisland my fucking heart , racing for Anna! What an absolute piece of shit. He is the fucking reason there is broken women out there , women arnt pieces of fucking meat, you can't buy us, cook us and chuck us away when your full. Just fucking eurgh! What a CLASS A CUNT
ALSO START CHARGEING THESE COUNTRIES A DAILY FEE FOR EACH ONE OF THEIRS HERE ILLEGALLY! THEY SHOULD HAVE TO REIMBURSE US! STOP ALL FINANCIAL AID TO THESE COUNTRIES! CHILDREN SHOULD BE SENT BACK RIGHT AWAY!  THOSE COMING WITH CHILDREN THAT IS NOT THEIR 'S IS HUMAN TRAFFICKING CHILDREN ! SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED INTO AMERICA!   WE NEED BORDERS SHUTDOWN AND OUR MILITARY ALLOWED TO SHOOT THESE INVADERS!   OR BRING OUT THOSE ENERGY WEAPONS! ONCE THEY UNDERSTAND WE WILL THIS WILL STOP! WE AMERICANS AND LEGAL IMMIGRANTS ARE TIRED OF THIS! OUR CONSTITUTION MUST BE INFORCED!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Send all of these "ladies" back to mexico so they can fix that first.
Nathan K god i swear you faggots always name the same generic player first good names you can think of no matter how random stick to fifa and your gay music kid
Men are ugly and deserve to die
No one needs approval or permission from a pussy country like America they are a joke and an embarrassment who no one takes America trumps a pussy lol
@Timcast So does that mean Sodomite symbolism will be banned as well?
Dr. E Michael Jones sodomites are narsasistic and money whores
Yes, well seeing as Donald Trump is literally a Transexual - actually he is a Hermaphoite, and is in essence, "dickless" - so yea, he "raped her" with his? What, He is literally androgynes, has no penis, if she claims he does, she is lying...
@lacerci65 @LaylaAlisha11 Every one of these heathens needs to be deported. That will solve the problem. When is Kommandant Merkel going to understand these Islamist bastards will NEVER ASSIMILATE? They will only DEMAND Germany become a Muslim nation, with sharia law, and bow to their satanic god.
"ahaha what if the robot broad from BLADE RUNNER had a dick & balls, could you even imagine? that'd be be fucked up" is one of those perfect terrible transphobic movie gags that swings back around 2 just being like "fuck yeah, tho" cuz look at how fucking hot she is!! URL
Yeah they're also responsibe for the white genocide^TM, priests raping children, muslim immigrants and when the milk in your fridge goes sour. Oh, and they'd be responsible for global warming too, IF IT WERE REAL. (Big fucking /S here, folks.)
The demon worshiper should put to death, demon possessed man like the sadistic serial killer pedophile Muhammad
niggas are clowns bro
I'm gonna fuck your throat the same way I'm going to fuck all your holes. URL
She got a point. Any woke black YouTubers get ignored. Then again white people saying progressive things or saying what is racist unfortunately brings more authority to that subject than an actual black iteration works be because we are already seen as playing "victim" to far too many people
Calls for genocide in Kashmir, demands for 'elimination,' and 'kill them in thousands' being made on live TV in India. When will @UN wake up? Or will it ever? What about @OIC_OCI?  Will the rational Indians stand up against Modi and his campaign to kill minorities? URL
Death to catholicism. Should be legal to shoot them.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
"BRAINWASHED" by dictator trump ???the more you listen same words over&over leroy baca did it 2 black&brown in L.A county jail even some fbi agents happened 2 me in 96to97 Im just getting over it still in therapy & medications white men are the end of the world we should have let them DIE when they got kicked -out people never change u die fuck trump
Queer parade to take place in central Seoul on Saturday - Korea Times URL
worship me otherwise i'll fuck your dumb little girlfriend better than you ever could  #finsub @AlphaFuck666 #findom URL
The black lady is a racist
Islam spreading its evil with an avowed intent to control the entire planet. Traitors within the USA not only allow but assist with forcing these barbarians upon We, the People. Fight back using EVERY legal means possible. If all fails the Founders wrote to us about what may need doing when tyranny rears its ugly head. That IS a last resort but if failure to defeat demonic evil tyranny results in a New Dark Age do we merely roll over and allow evil to rape us?
She's gorg and she fits the face and attitude of Mulan but where tf is mushu! Yooo mushu better be black because he's going to be a dragon no one is going to tell if he's black just that he sounds black!
@kdino75 @StancilJim If they were white English kids their faces would be everywhere
@havarealniceday @AyannaPressley @ICEgov @CBP I'd rather b a bleeding heart fool than a racist pos. U got 1 follower. U use Twitter as a way to spew your hate & harrass who don't agree with u because you're to chicken shit to say anything in person. You're not even brave enough to show your white trash ass face.
No labels are so much better then dating a stud . Let's be real fems are sick of dating these boring "don't eat my pussy" ass studs that aren't spontaneous but w/ a no label you get dominant and submissive . Studs step yo cookies up because the bitches like me taking these fems
Anti-feminists: most women don't belong in he military because they're weak Law: doesn't require women to register for the selective service Anti-feminists: interesting you never hear feminists saying women should be drafted, what about women's equality?
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Easily offended landwhale girls, pretentious fake girls and control freak girls beg to differ
Fucking fagot burn in hell
This gay ass blood is gay
The actual indigenous people of this land can't even move around freely, yet a bunch of jokers think this is a White only nation.
I'd stuff her full of cock, creampie her, then use her landing strip to wipe my cock clean
@ZaidZamanHamid what if we rape nd hang 10000 muslim women here, slits the throat of 10000 muslim infants nd shoot 10000 muslim men..as a revenge
I'm sure I speak for many Jews when I say I'm sick of being used as a prop by fascistic Republican politicians to emotionally manipulate gullible conservative voters. They do it with unborn fetuses, they do it with soldiers, and they do it with Jews.
@seungbirds when will white boys learn how to stay in their place
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
I prefer a toilet hose, you fuckin americans and europeans (i dunnow about asians) are fuckin disgusting with your toilet paper, at least japanese people compromised and integrated a water jet into your arse but fuckin hell guys how am i supposed to go study abroad if i can't even use the fuckin toilet ? i'll starve at this point
Women are trash. URL
NUKE the islamic BASTARDS, then send an envoy to talk to them! Nothing works with these pig screwing bastards but PURE BRUTE FORCE!!!!!
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
You're a faggot, as part of your job
Lil bitch got that dick rearranging her guts URL
He's deadass got giant red lips you slackjawed mook
People of color don't get the chance, to get out of the car.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Put her in jail women are trash
the fact that y'all females think being mean is cute is beyond me
Yes, but you is a little black girl.... Why do you have a YT account with a pic of an older white woman ?... Why is you ashamed of your heritage ?...
Be a bitch then, seeing how you wanna stay on social media posting fucking glamour shots and shit and not text me back.
This nigga look like one of them red faced monkeys from the himalayas
Lots of Christians think that people who haven't accepted Jesus are going to burn in hell for eternity. They seem to love themselves some torture.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
She was championing for women's issues at women's march, apparently equal rights and representation only matters for people like her, cis-hetero white female. She's tone deaf to any other group who wants equality.
Yeah, that guy looks super Puerto Rican!!! I mean white people just shoot anyone that isn't white on sight, that's just common knowledge. I know I would let my trained attack dogs charge anyone they please for walking up to my patio with a box in their hands. It's not like I was expecting a package or anything right? Why do white people have to be villainized in every single news story about literally anything?
Jessica you're a cunt. Shut your fucking whore mouth with your passive aggressive bull shit. At least that post was trying to help. What have you contributed to the discussion besides this? Right. Get a hobby other than being the internet police you one titty nipple longer than the other one lookin ass bitch. God people like you piss me off. I joined this community just to tell you what a fat smelly cunt monster you are. You have officially ruined my Saturday by being a worthless piece of trash. Kill yourself.
I don't even want a boyfriend but like a gay best friend would be nice
id fist that dirty cunt
bitch just suck a dick URL
The levels of brainwashing you've been subjected to to actually believe what you're saying is unprecedented. Riddle me this, why is Africa the shittiest continent on this planet when it is nothing but black people?
Was it a White nationalist terrorist?
"You saggy face ,mustard on shirt, unwiped ass , toilet clogging, mother fricking, green man loving homosexual shit faced bank vault"  -send me to comment hell you redundant piece of trash.
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
@ZenAndHopscotch Deluded crazy racist hypocritical white bitch. By her own religions standards she will burn in hell
Mayos are trash, blacks aren't. There's your answer
eat shit aussie faggot
I'll follow your faggot ass into that store.
Canada keeps receiving garbage from that Philippines in the form of people trying to immigrate here. Send the trash back!!!!
And a rapist, racist loser. Aokigahara, fucking worthless cracker piece of shit.
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from "god" without question
The Nimble Ninja that's false anyone who is illegally in this country gets deported it's not about race your a ignorant person
"hot girls" just fuck off you fucking troglodyte
you prove churches have all the nut cases Christians Muslims does not matter , YOU PROVE ALL THE PSYCHOPATH AND LIARS ARE AT POLICE STATIONS AND GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS
@DVATW It's a sorry state we are in when Muslims can run amok in our land
First you want the guy to go after him and now you bitch because he is wanting peace. You faggot left are simply retarded in every fucking way of the word lol. Keyboard heros LoL.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
No it's the White Man's Fault
I would shove that fabric as far up you cunt as I could until I ripped a hole in them. I would fuck you at least three times a day, never letting you take them off. I want to see your dirty little brown pussy lips encrusted in my cum and your dried up fluids. After three days I would pull them of and shove them in your dirty little slut mouth while I fucked your add without any lube.
> Cut that sack the sack is at the base you dumbfuck. just admit it you like mutilating baby dicks because you hate yourself for being an incel
#ModiKillingKashmiris  This picture shows the love of kashmiri youth for Pakistan... URL
I'm ok with: 1. How did you know you were gay? Homeboy may have some questions he needs answered safely. 2. How do gay people have sex? Because too many breeders are having sex so plain even vanilla is too much.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
@daphneyuhas @IlhanMN Somalia is in East Africa so wasn't involved in the US slave trade, but I get your point, it's more important to blame Africans than the white slave masters
From Canada.  You Americunts should get out of the Middle East. I personally hope each and every Americunt is sent home in. A body bag.
Religion is a cancer URL
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Shut the fuck up you stupid nigger
Fucking indians i hate dis country fuck you grandpa u peace of shit
URL-check/ocasio-cortez-resume/ Maybe that's why this Hispanic woman  has you white trash morons  saturating your diapers with liquid feces? Meanwhile, you conservative Einsteins still can't figure out when to use "your/you're" or "their/there."
Yeah people tend to frame america as this big monster who killed peaceful people's to take there land and some of it was that. But the Natives weren't so perfect. They would steal people from other tribes and force them to work as slaves. They would slaughter towns including women and children. So yes america did do horrible things in that time. But it wasn't one sided.
Honestly, telling men nothing at all is dangerous. All you just need to do is exist and you're endangered. Men are horrible, terrible, psychopathic beasts. URL
The poster above, her name is Felicia. She likes long walks on the beach and BDSM anal. She also lets her kid watch while she gets rammed in the ass. What a mother right guys?
Shut your fucking lard hole when someone's talking to you, you fat white cunt
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
people of color cant be expected to have id, you are a racist bigot who is spreading nazi ideology time to stop listening to MAGA talking points, you sick disgusting bigot
why is every male gay word for an asshole terrible? MUSCLE CUNT, MAN CUNT, BOY PUSSY, MANHOLE, jesus. These are all awful. Other than boy pussy, y'all sound like you bought your buttholes at a hardware store.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Homosexual pedophile demonic baby murdering adrenochrome drinking Godless monsters 95% recidivism rate with sexual predators the only cure the only cure is execution
On #03th August Peshmerga betrayed the yezidis and withdraw from Sinjar, thousands of children and men were killed and women were took as sex slave. Thousands of them have choice either convert to Islam or they have to be beheaded. They raped girls in age of 11yrs URL
You depressed ass niggas gotta get off my Snapchat lol
I know, these ladies are crazy
"Damn Jews making my life a living hell I'll show them ILL SHOW ALL OF THEM!" - Hitler
@TrinityResists @ThomasJTobin1 And yet you support gay activity in or out the church what dose that say?
You don't think cutting your dick and crying all the time sounds like fun? Fucking cis male
"PEGGING CUMSHOT COMPILATION-AKELLAMONSTERCOCK" URL  RETWEET Site: URL  W/ AkellaMonsterCock @AkellaCock #Pegging #Anal #ProDomme #Mistress #strapon #girlcock #Domme #femdom URL
Trans is the new black. Next thing you know the word trans will become offensive to them and they will want some politically correct term like "gender adjusted person" in place of it. But they will still be allowed to call each other trans because it's "their word" See what I did there?
fr diva gays are the worst types of faggots. take some phenobarbital and chill b4 i come for your whole life
Maybe the white british family had a black kid with them? Tarzan could be about Slave Trade?
@ashleymonroSM This nigga mad cause he ain't getting any. Who this guy? URL
How about "Creating Terrorists" - Product of Israel
@Dewin Vega shut up faggot you don't know what the fuck you're talking about queer
Shut up! 50 years ago we'd have you upside down with a fucking fork up your ass! You can talk, you can talk, you can talk! You're brave now motherfucker! Throw his ass out, he's a nigger! HE'S A NIGGER! HE'S A NIGGER! A NIGGER! LOOK, THERE'S A NIGGER!
The Bible is merely man's interpretation of God's will. It's been altered into dozens of versions in attempts to use it to forward one agenda or another. Taking it literally is foolish, and using it to justify your own bigotry is a ticket to your own social place in hell.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
I hate bitchy gays of any color.
Women can't even cool anymore they are becoming obsolete. Only good for breeding
You want to lip ass? Clearly you're the faggot here.
Leftism is a mental disorder, and these female minorities are the worst and most incompetent.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
@ChaeWooLee1 @The_Trump_Train @AOC Another fake ass Christian piece of shit. Rape apologizing motherfucker.
# No, what makes you one is peddling "the great replacement" which is the idea that white people will go extinct you fucking liar. >The amount of terrorist attacks, crimes, rapes, since the influx of the Muslims have risen so much that you can't deny it, if it continues very soon half of Europe will be Muslim, mosques everywhere and what knows what will follow after that. Citation needed? Prove we are being replaced or GTFO Perhaps the us shouldnt fucking bomb countries so hard that they are ruined for decades to come?
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
Somalis are fucking cancer.
Idiot kids all over Europe flew over to join in the murder-rape-ness of it all, then are getting sad for now suffering repercussions. Countries as a whole seem to be staying quiet about it, letting Iraq handle it.
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
Most annoying and unattractive woman ever. Ffs keep that mouth CLOSED.
If you wanna makes sense with this story, the way I always saw it was that the Jews on the other side of the wall just magically turned into already existing species of apes and pigs. And most Muslims deny evolution, so it doesn't matter to them if it contradicts it.
Yooo this bitch is off her knockers lmao
He won't.  He'll marry this fucking thot and defend her nasty behavior the whole way along.  Cucks gonna cuck
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Fuck off you insufferable retarded faggot.
Good job nigger you are what you hate.
@jaishree083 Hindi is not a subject at all 1st n doesn't have gender at all  #StopHindiImposition
That's just feminist baiting. Imagine if a man were to say a dickhead has no brain but can accomplish more than any woman (Don't even need to say ***white*** women, lets keep racism out of misogyny)
If she's that frigging flaky then you're well shot of the woman. I feel sorry for her devout Christian boyfriend whom she breaks up with next year after she comes back from fashion camp because he doesn't dress well enough.
If telling Nazis to fuck off makes you going then yours probably a Nazi so... Fuck off
@DVATW Who is the #racist ejaculation? He get a tick for #racism or what?
I would tie her face down to the bed and violate her tight asshole with my stiff cock, filling her fmdeep with a thick load. Then the other 20 guys will have their turn with her.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
idiot bitch: abortion is wrong! it is not okay! keep your children!  the same idiot bitch: if my child was gay, i would kick them out of my house onto the streets
Suck my girl dick you ass bitch
Same could be said for European immigrants that came to America to settle in the New World (they certainly weren't on Boeing airliners or luxury cruise ships), as well as the pioneers and frontiersmen who trekked across the country in their wagons (you KNOW many died from dysentery or fording rivers). Buncha shitty parents, the lot of 'em!
You gotta clean up after yourself you breeding whore, lick off all the gooey cum on daddy's dick URL
Or just started harassing her online telling her she's a tease, slut and bitch.
Any man that gets horny or uncomfortable from me breastfeeding my baby is a pedophile #ISaidWhatISaid
Go choke on a bag of flaming dicks you little bitch.
LMFAO a Pakhtoon thinks Babur , Ghori are his ancestors.  Your ancestors are flipping in their graves. Peace be upon them !
More unwatchable sjw dogshit. Thumbs down and eat shit
Such a little bitch. Go play with your ass some more and try to get your dick to work
Look I'm all for the lord and his depictions but this just disgusts me
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
This chick seems like she fucking sucks.
What the dick sucking didnt make it obvious they were faggots?
Whites are constantly demonized and are told to feel guilty and that we are privileged by other races.  Looks like the other side don't like it when tables are turned.
Typical weeaboo pretend-i-am-jap faggot thinking that anything that comes out of his shithole of a mouth means anything. Cucks like this deserve to be gassed for their faggotry.
She will actually get the whole house, or the house will be sold and she'll get half. Either way, the guy lost his house. A vasectomy is great to prevent child support, but won't save you from divorce rape. You have to be smart and not get married. For the love of God, never ever ever do it for any reason. Also, welcome to MGTOW, brother! I hear a lot of stories like yours where guys get red pilled by society.
I'd like to shove a tampon in your cunt mouth lol
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Would be nice to have a highly skilled president. But in reality he doesn't want black and brown immigrants coming to the us at all remember he wants more coming from Norway.
That is exactly what we said when we put the final nail on that traitor that we nailed on the cross! But he keeps coming back to bother us anyway !!! One way or another we have to put a stop to his stupid Christian thinking for a new kind of America !!!
#Kerala #Hindus under threat Hospitals promoted by #Muslims advertising they want only #Muslim doctors  Now asking all u fucking bearded Skull caps, we have 11 #Muslims working 4 us in our office, SHUD I TELL THEM ur sacked from today?#Wayanad #Kathua ur comments @Javedakhtarjadu URL
God I hope his "legacy" of four words in his gay speech gets nuked. Newsflash commie fag, we always judged them by the content of their character.
Arabs believe Blacks are useful for only one thing, as slave labor.
It's insane how dumb u ugly ass boys r and how rapey u r; if she said she didn't wanna fuck u then she don't have to fuck u fuckin ice ape, it don't matter how many times y'all fucked in da past tf URL
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@Daniel Burriss You gay people love lying or twisting truths to become professional victims
+Jesus Says hahaha what's the matter faggot butthurt queer are my replies making you frustrated maybe you should go suck on your mother's dick it's time for your daily penis feeding
Woman has babies: fucking roastie whore Woman doesn't have babies: you're dooming the species, fucking roastie whore!
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
@Paul Davis Exactly, why do you think they picked a brown Hispanic woman/girl? At first she disarms you with her looks and then she attacks with selfrighteous lying dribble that causes chaos then she's off to climate change.Leaving all in a wake. She had no intention of solving any of the issues. What about this what about that? Look over here look over there. She has cried wolf too many times!
Yea it's kinda gay, you can't post about the most controversial topics like race, etc.
@tro lol. shut up fool. Y'all kill us for initiation and the Mexican mafia and Aryan nation are giving orders to mass exterminate blacks in LA. Fuck you.
you can get shot as well as that monkey, you filthy racist bitch
I'd b butthurt asf if this nigga killed me
Yes, I think Trump should mediate on Kashmir matter. Dear Trump, please negotiate with Pakistan and have them get the fuck out of PoK and leave all of Kashmir forever. Once you get this job done, please come back so that we can give you a parade in red fort. Otherwise, get the fuck out and don't bother talking about Kashmir ever again. And tell all your dumb motherfuckers in your administration to stay the fuck away from Kashmir.
Uh oh, I triggered the redneck cuck! Don't be mad at me just because Trump couldn't afford a better looking, non retarded whore from a catalog!
@BreitbartNews Yeah obama. You would just love to get your grimy Muslim hands on our guns so you can get your relatives to take the USA over and turn it into a sharia shithole!
@PCBeardyface Are we on day 292 yet? @realdonald trump asked what he could do to address home grown 'white' terrorists? Maybe He would like to stop spouting hate on a daily basis?
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
why are you cucking out to a roastie's shit-test? just insult her beef curtains and tell her to enjoy her wine and cats when she hits the wall.
We'd NEVER invade Iran. There is nothing / noone there that is useful. Best option is to turn the entire middle east into a radioactive glass factory!
Deport Omar to Somalia they can use the cunt there more than in America. The cunt is not welcomed in American nor her brusban. Sharia law will never happen you stupid bitch. CNN IS SHIT. CUOMO IS A DOUCHE BAG.
"men" isn't the right term I would use for these incompetent swine, despite the obvious lack of women in that sub.
nigga was smoking glass and offered us, he sure did deserve that shit fym.
@BarackObama @USWNT Play like a girl get beat by high school sophomores BOYS . Lmfao URL
Kick out all the pisslams staying illigally in the United States. Send them back to Arabian deserts.
Hate it when girls does thisSo many guys out there has been falsely accused for things they never did. URL
considering all of your other posts, i'm guessing you're a white teen that only listens to eminem. fuck off
What the fuck is wrong with people. I hope every one of those people have stillborn children.
@JohnCornyn @Debbie22210 The only humane thing to do is put America FIRST and send them all back
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
@ChuckCallesto She is an. UN-AMERICAN! LOCK HER TILL END OF SENTENCE, THEN DEPORT THAT POS!
I can't wait till all the homeless start cooking all you worthless uppity cunts in California... Fucking liberals... Everywhere they go they bring the crime, illegals with free healthcare, the homeless and drug addicts.... Stay the fuck in California...
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
evangelical christians call Trump "one of their own". That means they are pro child rapists, bigots, racists, xenophobic and rapists. Sure doesnt seem Christian to me.
Bet you wish this phat ass was sitting on your pathetic loser face. $end #tribute while you stroke your tiny useless dick #findom #femdom #ass #facesitting #cuckhold #sissyboy #humliatrix #homewrecker #blackmail #420domme #spoiled #bratty #cuckhold #fincuck URL
You are one ugly bitch, that girl is 10x better looking than your uglyass
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Iran's right. We should carpet bomb Tehran *and* Riyadh.
America will stop invading countries when muslims stop decapatating people in the name of allah.
Yea but since when was jew an insult and I'm scrolling through popular, anti-semitic fuckwit
Oh? So, the highest value women behave like the entire population of women then? Yuck.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
The real 'white terrorism' is liberal Democrats...Dayton Shooter's Now-Suspended Twitter Appears To Have Had Pro-Antifa, Pro-Gun Control Comments | The Daily Caller URL
@IvankaTrump There is no god, you useless, vapid bag of hot air
No one likes a loose pussy. Keep them locked up!
Pussy ass Israeli scum always wanna block loooool
I thought that nigga dipped on the pelicans
The only fun I will have with you is #humiliation when I force your pathetic head on a #bbc whilst your struggle to pull back forced to swallow a alpha mans loads Your cum dump that's all. #sissy #domme #efdp #paypig #cuck #goddess #slave #finsub #finslave #cashslave #denial
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Hope these fellas get kicked in the nuts so hard that they're virtually castrated
Tell the jews to forgot about the holocaust too then fool
Lol look at fucking Sherlock's Homo over here. Hey, great sleuth work there faggot. You seem smarter than the regular coon.  Regardless, Only a retarded nigger would make a comment like yours.  "Us" is racist because it was made by a racist (like you): > Peele revealed this during a talk at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, according to The Hollywood Reporter, where he stated that he didn't see himself casting a "white dude" as a lead in his movies.  Dumb goomba eat my asshole
1. You're talking shit  2. Go the fuck to sleep faggot
Evil men are good at winning free elections. America, Israel, and India.
School girl gets a quick fuck  URL
Who's gassing up these pussy niggas to act hard
Lags in diversity? There is virtually no white people left here. Go into any mall and I'm usually the only white person around, same with all of the advertising and in store posters: ZERO WHITE MALES
ahahahhaha what a trash country, your "antic ruins" are literally from the last century
"I hate white people. Kill their children, animals, their wives and everything that they have. Kill them." #hatespeech #countryduty #rootoutracism URL
Ready with gang raping Ur mother and sisters?
good, bitch, u aint welcome either
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
@MelodyM05174377 @Kate18660449 @RhondaForbes One of the Big Mouthed Feminists on the SMH !
If you do this, that still makes you a racist. If you fuck a goat just because it's the most disgusting thing you can think of, you're still a goat-fucker.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
As if a bunch of racist "old white men" Law Society Benchers had the gall to raise an issue with "squaws and niggers". ????? Who does that but an "old white man" lawyer???
Take a deep BREATH, Slave! #carmenrivera #breathcontrol #fetish #latex #session #movie #kink #sexy #dessous #femdom #pussy #goldenshower #domination URL
They're just sensitive faggots
*females, hoe.  He gotta keep em on their toes.
@dbongino You are without a doubt the most vile pathetic disgusting disgusting racist radical. Go back to Somalia and leave our country alone. Screw your jihadist loving attitude . You can leave anytime you want and we hope it's real soon. Bye bye. @IlhanMN
@corduene_ @berfinn_a @miaanqd Yess same guy saved many jewish lifes from nazi germany. You guys are so braindead, pathetic and delusional
@glovesLife asshole Indians are richest community in USA we are fucking u in ur own country u piece of toilet paper
FOX PROPAGANDA WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE OVER DAVID STRINGER REPUBLICUNT ARIZONA LEGISLATURE FORCED TO RESIGN FOR SODOMIZING YOUNG WHITE BOYS NOT BLACK BOYS! WHERE?
fucking lesbians. i will fuck you both into ass
@Paul polo Faggots are the destruction of everything. Every rotten inner city is made by them.
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Fuck Israel, fuck Jews
You look like a cock worshipper, your pussy aches for cock,
it should be illegal for her to be subjected to big black cocks!
@Daniel Burriss You gay people love lying or twisting truths to become professional victims
There will never be Justice for Black Americans being born Black in a America is a crime punishable by death the white man's law is just that for the white man.....#Facts!!!!
She's a stupid bitch if there ever was a bitch, she's a bitch to all the boys and girls.
Filthy Muslim
Why don't you go back to wherever ancestral land you came from and complain about us there... seriously.
Hey faggots fuck you LULW
@charliekirk11 @IlhanMN WHEN WILL @NANCYPELOSI GET CONTROL OF HER DEMONCRATS.THIS @IlhanMN IS TRYING TO START TROUBLE IN AMERICA AND WHEN IT GETS STARTED..GOOD LUCK ON TRYING TO STOP IT WITHOUT INSTALLING MARSHALL LAW..THIS IS WHAT MUSLIMS ,ANTIFA,MUSLIM TERRIOSTS WANT.THEY WILL GET MORE THAN THEY THINK
Fuck off you insufferable retarded faggot.
1. Did you read our FAQ on un-asked-for AMAs? 2. Which netflix series is more racially insensitive: DC's Black Lightning or Marvel's Luke Cage? 3. o you have any evidence that the mythical jesus-character ever existed? (Historians would appreciate this, since no such evidence actually exists) 4. We inow that the Exodus never happened, and that the garden of eden is just a myth, and without those, there is no such thing as 'sin', so what purpose did the jesus-character serve? 5. All christians, by definition, are terrorists. No exceptions. What is it like to be a terrorist?
Men never tire of dressing up misogyny as free speech: "the greater danger to society is the diminishment of free speech rights in favor of a right to privacy ... To prevent such images from being made public...don't share them in the first place" URL
If you're looking for a dumb ass bitch, look no further
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
CA cucked hard. They appointed tranny mods.
u bitches are digusting and shouldnt be allowed to have children..and u niggas need to stop nuttin in everything URL
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
@edmundo oliver your parents must be so proud of you, and to say they are all white just is patently wrong. You need to do more research if you want to make ignorant statements like that.
A bitch blink @ a nigga n he think its a sign she want him that's yall problem u wana fuck everything
@BSV_MetaNet @RichSchultz3 Religions should be forbidden. Every religious zealots would have kept us in dark ages if they could have done so, they tried, & failed. We should burn them all like witches or keep them in Church ghetto style area & go ahead with technology human enhancement for everyone else.
Can you do me the ONLY favor I promise to ever ask your sorry racist piece of garbitch punkass? Can you wake up  & make MY LIFE GREAT A-GAIN?
You are sadly self loathing because of the way you express about gay men like you.  Unless you're not gay and you're just a sad troll. What are you doing here in that case? What does gay men make you feel?  Good luck getting professional help, it will make your life less sad and hopefully better ;)
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
This is very typical for this type of woman, total TRASH.
Islamist, Devil worshipers and Marxists are bent on destroying USA from within. Their common enemy is Jesus and a loving God.
good, bitch, u aint welcome either
Its amazing what a failure women are in politics. Its almost like its not in their nature to be powerful. No matter how much they try, poor dears....
Fucking cumias are bitches cant even control a women. One get so scared he grabs the closest object a pan to hit a women, the other stomps the ribs of a teen 100lbs and bites her well she is defending herself, The other would yell and throw his food at the wall like a toddler. Cumias = lying, stealing, cheating, child molesting, and dress up faggots!
You planning on getting pregnant anytime soon? Fuck off.
"Maybe your a blue person or a black person"
women are trash
Fuck with the religious zealots
Turning Daenerys into Hitler and Jon Snow into a murderer revealed GRRMs philosophy that there are no heroes. And what a depressing philosophy it is.
turn you to a bbc slut when you take my dick balls deep in your tiny white ass URL
Not a single amount of semen "evidence" connected these boys to the lady being raped that night so they come to them with a deal. Foh with your deal. Do your job right! #WhenTheySeeUs
Yeah well fuck those lesbian niggers.
+Jeffrey Janzer you're nothing but a faget leftover from the Obamas
@Barnes_Law They also edited out Epstein's Jewish heritage in a disgusting display of antisemitism. URL
Seeing how men on twitter treat rape victims is exact the reason why it took me 6 years to come out about what happened to me. Yall are fucking sick and I pray y'all don't have daughters that go through something that traumatizing and that your sons don't pick up your mentality
Do all the white male Fox News hosts look like Ken Dolls? I'm just curious. It makes sense because all the white females look like barbie dolls.
The gay neega has too many tats
They all need to be deported to Russia.
Are y'all fuckers retarded?
@senatemajldr There r millions of homeless Americans including vets with diseases & rampant crime among them. You have done nothing 4 them but support millions illegally in the US & 10's of thousands more illegally entering the US every week. Despicable. We won't forget this in November 2020.
Son niggas really ignorant like they don't look like hunchback of Notre Dam! Quasimodo look mother fucka!
"Only the emancipation of African Women could save us from the blunderings & corruption of our menfolk" - Constant Gardener  Laughs in Ann Waiguru, Laughs in Nyokafi, Laughs in Mama Ivory!  Anyway Le Carre meant well.
Fuck all Christians, they should all be locked away in mental hospitals for having a close and personal relationship with a figment of their imaginations.
mindless idiots is TRyINg TO EnSLAve good cUNsErVaTiVe chRIStIans!
If you aren't a gay man who passes, you should get back in the closet until you kill yourself. Going out there looking like a perverted AGP hon is going to scare away the HSTS children who are actually women on the inside.
Looks like an aborted fetus that got bashed in the face with a shovel mid-way through gender reassignment.
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU DUMB BITCH
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
@H1B4 @sabrinais50 Word you stupid dumb fucking bitch
Bwah hahahaha! Well hey man, I mean you either believe this BS or you're a troll. Isn't there a thread on 4chan about how you deserve sex from women you're missing out on?
Granted. all thots are gone - except you. You are the last thot.
Keep this particular nigger locked up forever. @KamalaHarris
gay communists
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
The northern tribes are a bunch of pussies. They engaged in constant warfare and conquest .... it bares mentioning that when they did so, they would slaughter unarmed men, women and children without hesitation. They should be grateful that they were shown a level of mercy that they never showed their vanquished foes.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
RACIST CUNT MARTIN LAURANCE WOW LOOK AT ALL THESE BLACK PEOPLE WTF ARE YOU DOING HERE OH IS THAT RUDE THEN WTF MAKES YOU THINK ITS NOT RUDE TO ALL RACES U FUNNY CUNTS EVERYONE IS GONNA BE KILLED BY NAZI SOCIAL ENGENEERING MULTICULT SATANIC CULT NWO SHIT FUCKIN RETARDS IM SICK OF IT JUST FUCK OFF LEAVE PEOPLE THE FUCK ALONE
@BSommerland This person is a complete clown. Red nose and all. They are swimming deep in male fragility.
stupid ugly ass cracker is somehow going to avoid getting the death penalty
I like Japan you twit. Let me help you that sentence . WHITE American citizens don't give a crap about Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea. The Same White Americans who voted this Orange Shit Stain as our president.
Why stop in Mexico? America said they were a shithole filled with cartels and rapists.... Why not come here
May be a muslim fellow can mix poison in food. If they can plan to mix poison in PRASAD and lakes, what is the big deal to mix poison in a food delivery. Second, they get the cel numbers of hindu girls and starts flirting. @ZomatoIN Stop it or we will #boycottzomato @Swamy39 URL
So many homophobic comments. They sound just like the assholes who were mad that companies celebrate pride month. Like ffs its something companies do. And ffs James is a gamer now if you oppress him you are not a gamer anymore.
It's literally estrogen. If you go to a doctor and tell them you want a sex change they will give you estrogen pills. Why do you think that is? What do you think estrogen does? Are you really pretending you don't notice how soft this next generation is? Is that reality? How many guys that you grew up with cut their dicks off? I'm gonna bet none, but now it's becoming commonplace. ​ Gee, I wonder what these kids are ingesting that we didn't. Oh look, fucking soy everywhere being pushed by everyone. Let's see... what is soy. Oh, IT'S LITERALLY FUCKING E S T R O G E N
So, no only are you a lie-believing idiot (your mom probably vaccinated you, and made you retarded) but you're also a homophobe. You've got not redeeming qualities I see.
@ChestertonLord @MariaMushtaq16 Sir they are jahils(illiterates) they won't understand. They can only massacre people on the name of religion.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Alright I'll let you off, just let me see your gay license and I'll be on my wat
THIS is what causes mentally ill people to do stupid, violent things. Anyone on left want to condemn him? URL
nigga was smoking glass and offered us, he sure did deserve that shit fym.
Get fucked they should be shot and killed for crossing illegally, all of them.
I dislike most malays cause they're judgemental
HUh? Op is a nigger. a cockmongleroid. a buttfucking nigger shit son of whore. what obligation she has to provide ass, if he is look like ass?
Im not a muslim you fucking dumass arab holy shit arabs are so stupid no wonder why they are so attached to this shitty religion
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
meanwhile you got christian jihadists running the government
I wonder which shithole country your trash ancestors escaped from. You've spent centuries sucking on America's tit, can't wait till you bottom feeding losers get replaced by hard working Mexicans
Happy I ain't cut like these hoes, they pee'd on.
He hasn't been effective since 2015. It's his only option other than retiring.
Fuck outta here refugee
One more reminder that Asian people can be very racist towards Black people. Please don't let the "solidarity" confuse you. It's uncomfortable to hear but it's very true URL
>what's up ya fat fuckin retards ass fuck  >eat my ass Like bruh
I thank God people are waking up to the corrupt regime in America aka the Jews iron grip on american government and the Zionists baby killers controlling America from israel..American people need to wake up! Your soldiers are dying because Israel can't stand people saying what they are doing in Palestine is genocide and against the law of human rights.. Zionists pigs only want power over every nation through their crooked ways
Migrant celebrates Swedish citizenship by raping woman and tells her: 'Now I can do what I want' URL
Someone is "financing" thousands of Africans pouring into Texas...I wonder WHO would DO such a thing!  *cough*Soros*cough* (URL)CBP: Over 1,000 African migrants arrested near Mexican border URL
A lot. You'll get pro-democracy, SJW Australian Lefties backing it and, if you promote it properly, you can also snatch up the xenophobic, racist "Fuck off, we're full" Australians who hate China.
Fucking faggot they deserve to burn in hell
They should be shot or deported. I have a 45 min commute and there is always a wanker that talks to his gf for the entire journey so loud that you can hear it from the other end of the bus (including her responses) If it wasn't for the fact that she is about to give birth I'd grab the wankers phone and throw it out the window, but then I'd feel like a dick. Fucking morals.
White privelege
Nor I you, you're putrid. You're another white knob thinking you're virtuous while you shame people from different cultures. You're in luck, Reddit loves that, builds up the 'ol ego - if there's one thing Reddit's taught me, it's the intolerance of the supposed tolerant. You're not new, you're commonplace. Dealt with racist shits like you since birth. I'm all gd.
La Raza needs to be arrested then deported. Every single one.
White supremacy is the glue that binds the GOP together. It's how you get the poor white man in W.V. to vote for the Koch Bros. agenda. It defines who they are. Trump knows this, and he's going all in for 2020.
Alinity is a dumb cunt that should be banned for life from Twitch. The only reason you fan boys are defending her is bc in your delusional minds you think you'll see her naked or something.
Lol yeah.. and here I was thinking the youth in the countries of salaman should be taking an extra wank today. Maybe just maybe it would spare the life of any "unmodest", unprotected woman they encountered in the streets. Guess it's back to the drawing (porn) board
I'd have you raise your crotch up as iuse your throat as a cocksleeve while I finger fuck your cunt until you squirt or your legs give out what ever happens last before u use my grool covered to smack you tits to smack and squeeze your tits before fucking with your nipples but I'll let you choose whether I pound your cunt or make you my analslut you can choose fuckmeat!
The constant reckless lies this Somalia racist immigrant spews with no consequences is dangerous for this country.
@anxhelique Men are trash they just want to use you and throw ypu away urghhh.
She's so fuckin cute, would love to rough fuck her mouth
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Wowwwwwwwwwwwwww real Ghanaian shit URL
You don't have "peace" in Europe or Germany. Your women are raped in your streets and you protect the rapists instead of your native German citizens. Yes, you hate "protectionism" in that you allow your nation and people to be pillaged and killed. France is torn apart and they burn automobiles all over Europe. This is the RUIN you have created in post WWII Germany and the EU over which you preside, "Humankind" is raped and pillaged in Germany and Europe and you care not. You are a disgrace to womanhood besides your own nation. Go home, Frauline. Americans don't need your toxic advice!
Poor baby R.I.P. Now LOCKUP AND DEPORT the mother.
#Faggots are the best thing on the planet.... and they are made by #BRAINS.  They probably have bits of #BRAINS in them too... so they might be classed as #NUTRITIOUS. Is this the part, Aiden, where you reveal that you are in fact a #VEGAN? #FAGGOTS URL
Fuck this little midget faggot.
europeans arrived before the indians indians were also brutal savages so there is that
Nigerians are not the ones to talk when topic about morals come up, the only thing we know is wickedness in high places, false virtue and sanctimonious bullshit
. fix the curupt states robbing tax payers and waisting money especially the lazy liberals and send the cubans back to ones who came asking for asylum also....
Well y'all better catch that nigger
+B0rder55 You religious dumbasses deserve everything that happens. You're the only ones stirring the pot. Fuc@ you morons. Xtian, Jew, Muslim, Hindu... You're all retarded.
Proof that the homo-gay agenda for green energy is actually a plot to draw in the Manliest construction workers and kill them with faulty machinery to promote the utter takeover of our society by soyboys and gamer thots. Irredeemable.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
Yeah.. Fuck ISIS lol
this is why we need to purge the whiteys
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Idiot Didn't Get A Building Permit! Typical White Guy Rule: It's Easier to Beg for Forgiveness, than to ask for permission! And then they play the victim card
Punk ass fuckin cracked and their lil house nigga like pets. FUCK 12!
These niggas bitch made like Bruce Jenner
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Bitches have 20 abortions and want they pussy ate...Bitch who finna eat a cemetery  URL
Seems a word reserved for women of color. I think he called her nasty because that's what racist do.
I like the idea of killing babies but on the other hand I dont want women to have a choice.
Seems to me the pilgrim fathers were wandering around undocumented by the indigenous people they invaded. Those darker skinned people who had been in North America for 25,000 years. Yet the visitors stayed.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Just a friendly reminder.  If you disrespect any if my girls I WILL drag your limb dick ,pasty ass , cum stain of an excuse of a life in front of ALL of Twitter and OWN your ass. Then I will have my girls Re tweet your destruction via their fans.
She looks like one of those real life human sex dolls now. -pinpoint nose-check  -giant inflatable DSL's -check -lingerie as daywear -check
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Like the dirty little whore she is
you idiot jews better get in their hidey holes :)
As someone from the US, fuck our craven sack of shit politicians and our rape-enabling state governments. We have no fucking right to act like we're superior to anyone when we've completely regressed to the same type of pre-1970s policies that led to the deaths of thousands of women. Anyone who believes the US is superior to the rest of the word exhibits a level of cognitive dissonance that will only hurt them in the long run.
Your wife is scum divorce her and keep your relationship with your daughter. Hopefully you don't get divorce raped by your skank of a wife.
@dbongino @dochartdc This is cold and possibly sick but I believe these bastards that come to America to kill should be tried and if found guilty hung by the neck at the border for others to see.
That movie was a fucking faggot fest. Just watch Valley of the Dolls, The Long Goodbye and Van Nuys Boulevard. As much as Cum Town hates on copying... this QT faggot is the princess of Adaming other people's ideas. Fuck Once Upon A Guy in Hollyfag and fuck Quentin Barebackino and all you fags who lick his taint and think his amusement park ride version of cinema is good. You're all fucking queer jerkoffs if you like him. QT is a gay bitch in a bad way. 100% not a Cum Boy.
Now i hate the fucking niggers even more
If you blame the women for YOUR nigga cheating on YOU your a retarded ass bitch period
Death to whites islam will conquer all
Can you please stop Pretending religions are real? Its fucking 2019. We dont need this crap anymore... And "dark spirits"? Tell me, who was it again that ordered unruly infants to be smashed on rocks, or tore up infants for making a joke, or explained how to treat and keep your slaves, ordered genocide, committed genocide, inquisition, looks away when your kids get molested? Oh right, YOUR SUPPOSED GOD! Fucking hypocrisy, no wonder your country is failing.....
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
mmmm run over homophobes with my Mercedes-Benz 300 SL Roadster I must #MK8D #NintendoSwitch URL
I clearly state that we aren't perfect. So what if I mess up? Yea I believe in God and certain hard practices but oh fucking well. I can't like a pussy here or there? I hope you liked what you saw because I know I did
I ain't big but ya bitch little
@ariettaadamsxxx shows us how huge she intends to Gape her ass and doesn't disappoint and even gets fed @AlexJones420XXX cum fresh straight from her bootyhole!   URL
If you want to defeat caste system, you MUST reject and fight against all forms of idol worship and its rituals. Moolnivasi/buddhists were fooled by manuwadi aryavrat with "cute & harmless looking" rituals to make them shudras eventually URL @AmbedkarCaravan URL
Get the fuck out of my country you fuck
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Southern Christianity is fucked up, prove me wrong
@gomentskki what a faggot
Of course he did it. Another rage filled inept man. Taking out his inadequacies on women & children. He should be shot.
@fatnhappy44 @lacie4_2 @MotherJones @AOC Leave, then. Go. Claim some uninhabited island far away from here and found the corporate-run, theocratic white ethno-state you guys have openly wanted for decades.  Leave us alone and have the country you really want.
: females are literal reptiles : like born snakes : they talk about everyone they hang around : some know it : some dont  :
Fuck you go die you fucking bitch ugly ass bitch
So that's why there are so many retards on earth
@IlhanMN Oh yeah? Except for the jews, right? You're garbage.
Women should only cover female sports.
+I am God Not by proportion of population. There you go truth twisting and fact altering to try and justify your racist views. If that cop was white he would of walked that's a fact they sacrifice this cop I'm not surprised at all considering how bad public relations are at the moment. You cops are more of a threat to public safety, stability justice and innocent lives than Al Qaeda and ISIS will ever be in America
The devil wouldn't even want this nigga in hell. URL
You're a fucking moron and fuck your bitch ass country
You cannot "reform" Christianity into a safe space for women.  Misogyny is at the very core of Christianity. You either take it like that or leave it totally.
Count me in. That cunt will look amazing struggling beneath me as I plow her filthy fuck hole. I want to bite big fucking tits too.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Suck your mother you scum Zionist  Suck your mother you scum Zionist  Suck your mother you scum Zionist  Suck your mother you scum Zionist   Suck your mother you scum Zionist  Suck your mother you scum Zionist URL
Let's fix America by transforming it into Mexico. Sounds good right ? We need to get these anti American Congress women out of Congress and deport them to the country they really work for.
They'd only be fucking retards if somehow a Dutch dick ended up in your ass, you fag.
Every single one is an Indian slum where we all eat our own shit and die except r/coaxedintoasnafu
I would brutally skull fuck this whore nice and deep until I pump my cum straight down her dirty little throat.
But hoes still mad enough to be replying
Fag Tillman, the toilet whore URL
The only education that you will have is my white superior cock, fucking nigger slut.
@brookehouts bitch u a bitch u a bitch u a bitch u ah.. bitch. lmao. just a flat out bitch.
@ThomasJTobin1 You won't burn in Hell because there isn't one.  But you can die knowing your entire time on Earth was spent demonizing innocent people, you fatuous putz.
Nigga said you gotta grab em like you gone choke slam them. I am inconsolable
Virgin ass nigga go get some ass or get a job. CPU ass nigga ain't ever gone get no pussy thinkin hackin is cool lame ass somebody crush this fool
Ship em all to sanctuary cities. Let's see how compassionate they are!!!
So Racist, Why cant Mulan be Black for a change ??
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
bless the holy nut. may he forever keep the peace of the earth
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- LIE bloodline and ALL that serves that bloodline. that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh-blood and controls that country
Stop being a fucking cuck. "Fuck Chechnya" justifies killing 1/5 of the population? Fuck Russia, filthy warmongering scum.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Not me, but a coworker once had a woman screaming at her for 'not speaking her mother tongue'. She tried to speak in Turkish with her but she wouldn't respond accordingly. Fun fact: she was actually of Iranian heritage, didn't speak a word of Turkish and very little Arabic as she wasn't actually born in Iran. So this woman is just super angry at her for not knowing her supposed heritage... yeah sure.
What a fucking fag
This is unbelievable!  These Is!amic terrorists will stop at NOTHING in their thirst for Israeli blood. I know this is totally unPC of me, but I say nuke the bastards. Wipe them totally off the face of the earth.  Problem solved. URL
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
This girl is the nastiest skank bitch I've ever met. Do not trust her. She is a fugly slut. URL
@_BestStrokes Nigga drinkin from a water fountain
me and the boys firebombing Dresden in The Big Nigger
Revel in your sloppy cum whore purpose being served. Daddy's seed covering and filling your little cock slut mouth and throat URL
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
the gayest btches in the group URL
On a fucking new born ... y'all hoes just getting out of hand.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Wished I had a real guy to fuck on.
Shoot my cum all over you!
The dumbest thing about this is that I bet everyone involved in that thread is white.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
If you ask me they should have just shot the plane down. 300 killed by crazy white girl
stupid ass black fat bitch.
I got small titties, that's what be fuckin me up. URL
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
gay people should die
This man is just a disgusting human. This woman supported you for YEARS looked after your dumb drugged up ass like ur a kid only for him to insult her publicly every few months. MEN ARE TRASH URL
@kirrii23 angry dumbass, slutty gay, chaotic bitch, tired thot
As another gay Korean-American who frequents that sub...fuck OP. I saw the thread in question as well and the responses were overwhelmingly positive. It seems like OP literally just wanted to have his "im a poor gaysian being rejected by my own community" narrative confirmed and when that didn't happen he just came here to bitch about other Asians. Fucking pathetic.
You are nothing but a worthless little cock whore and cum dump. You should be begging each guy that is willing to shove a cock in your filthy little fuck hole to cum inside you and then flush it out with his piss. You aren't worthy of keeping the seed planted in your stupid body.
We OnLy WaNt To PuNiSh AnD cRiMiNaLlY dEhUmAnIzE *iLlEgAl* ImMiGrAnTs
Wow what a giant faggot
@aisofspades_ Ur not trash, other women are trash
Rip holes in her clothes and take every hole hard. Finish in her mouth, make her suck the cum off my cock.
People fleeing their lives you are so funny. When confronted with facts you resort to name calling. If you feel that Me and American Citizen and My Family american citizens should be separated then I hope your daughters are raped by immigrants and family killed by drunk immigrant drivers and.. I hope the police let them out of jail and they run back to their countries so you never get any peace or closure. Eat it sucker....
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
The paid China trolls in the comments are priceless. I wonder how long before China can no longer afford to pay you guys...
Stupid cum dump, filthy fuck doll
Could be worse. He could be some fag in a Corolla with a coexist sticker.
Fuck. Thick black cock.
I hope they cut the dick off to avoid reproduction.
suck my dick cunt
"Kill them [unbelievers] wherever you find them… And fight them until there is no more unbelief and worship is for Allah alone" (Quran 2:191-193).
Ugly ass bitch go back to the hole you came out of
@AmerZahr Dear Racist, We don't need lectures from racists that come over here to spread their hate.  Too many fucking ugly people in this world who refuse to look at themselves in the mirror, so they can see the hate and racism is self generated.
You got bitch slapped with your own source and I hope if Jesus is real, when you die, he'll be the first to tell you you didn't spread the love and acceptance he preached
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
i thank the lord you ain't get pregnant hoe fuck you
fat ass stupid bitch yo I hate this nigga
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Man that pisses me off that they made a man in Black with women
Same argument can be made about lefties and immigration/borders. Muslims are currently taking over Europe, it will eventually be predominantly Muslim and at that point will no longer be Europe.  You progressives though, I genuinely hope your children grow up to be mentalli ill LGBTQ people, essentially cutting of your gene pool. You would have to be a fucking bigot to be offended by that statement too.
this nigga look gay as hell iM DEAD
gay people should die
Coming from a dude here, those people arent men, they're cunts. Same with the women who do this. Cunts too.
I'll slap the fucc out you nigga URL
These bastards in sudan deserve their heads to be chopped off n the rest of the arab countries that r involved your day is coming in the akhira a3ozo billah
3:25 am and w407 can't keep his retarded kid shut up. You fucking hate mongering niggers. Get a job Fatima. You're such a #loser for having this thug's kid. URL
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Iran seizes a British oil tanker... It's time to give these sheep fuckers what they are begging for... 72 virgins, wipe them out. #Iran #Cowards
White men are the number one terroristic threat in this nation and quite frankly, the world
This is some Nazi level hate project in India. URL
A THOUGHT EXPERIMENT: Someone says "I have never read the Bible, do not want to read it, I've talked to one "Christian", says his group-theology only real deal all others "The Great Whore of Babylon" and says I can become a God with my own planet, plural sealed wives; No Thanks. URL
A bunch of HIGLY INSECURE AND IMMORAL ALL WHITE AMERICANS..... GREAT GRAND AND GRAND CHILDREN OF MURDERERS, LAND THIEVES, BULLIES, IMMORAL LAW-LESS COWBOYS....AND THE MOST STUPID RACE ON THIS PLANET !!! PROVEN !!!
Wow, white liberals are so racist thinking only white people support Trump and black people should vote Democrat. I'll bet y'all also think minorities are too stupid to get an ID for voting purposes. So glad I'm not a racist democrat
All them trannys ! Most r men, maybe one token female.i wouldn't waste my time on this shit , scoocer sucks it is the worst sport there is-!!!!
GET YOUR HEAD CHECKED LMAOOO YOU SOUND FUCKING RETARDED SAYING THE SAME SHIT FOR AN HOUR SCREAMING LMAOKK
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
"Aww, muh feefees!" A fat faggot played himself. Hope all that cholesterol will shorten his useless life even more.
AOC humiliates herself every time she speaks, those worthless illegals are treated far superior to that of our Veterans and homeless and when given the opportunity to make the facilities better AOC said HELL TO THE NO and now talks shit about those who work there? I say AOC should be forced to surrender her entire annual salary to go to the upkeep of the border agents and fund more patrol officers to keep this trash out of our country! TRUMP/PENCE 2020 MAGA
Look at that faggot
My girlfriend: "women are not indecisive!" Me: (pull up the 500 brands of birth control on Lexi-comp)
@RajivMessage Unless the Indian elite business families wake up to the globalists mischief, their grandchildren will one day wake up as slaves. Remember you Indian business elites, your billions of dollars are worth zero, if your own country is plummeting and plundered.
Fat fag on here begging for subs U can get a thousand subs but will never get no more than 300 views if that nobody give a fuck bout ya dumb intelligence, D.A.N.
The Nazis were Christian. Sit on it, trash
It's the definition of passive-aggressive. It comes from such a position of arrogance. >Historically Key word right there. No one gives a fuck what happened a century ago or even 50 years ago. The present day is just one example of women's hate after another.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Stay out of Texas, Louisiana apes, we dont want your worthless asses. Go to Mississippi, it's already fucked up, you'll fit right in
Feel the difference  Sportsmen spirit shown by locals chanting "well played boys" But Pakistani using foul language. #PAKvWI URL
Mass shootings in the US? The orange moron is to blame for inciting racial hatred with his inflamatory, racist tweets. By the way, Farage approves of Trump's 'send them home' trope.
Add La Raza top the list of racist slogans. Hispanics all for "La Raza" are a bunch of racist assholes. It sounds like something a Nazi would say, my race... fuck out of here
Go fuck yourself you mormon bitch
Fuck Israel. URL
FUCK WHITE PEOPLE
+3 KIDS eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
The errors are the way you think you homophobic piece of crap
see this is why straights view us as overly-sexual people, yall dumb as f*ck
It's California, let them thin out their own population for a bit.
@StarDanielle @2020MNCongress Good news hopefully you send her packing back to Somalia with that hideous un American thing on her head !
Shut u bitch ass up hating ass nigga stupid arab
What a good slut. Brain off.
@RT_com These stupid western countries are filled with trash then they run to form a stupid "green whatever thing" organization to foil their stupidity
Get ready for a population explosion of unwanted babies from dysfunctional people.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
The problem with taking out bad guys is the Deep State controls the media and will point their useful idiots at good guys that they have propagandized as bad guys. That might be why they want to flood the west will Muslims as Islamists will control the masses whilst the NWO only has to control Islam. Not hard if you own everything and everybody with power.
Let the DESTRUCTION begin. @swedense You guys are freaking weak for letting That f...ing black monkey out without letting him go to prison for at least 6 years. Keep those black low lifes out our country. All those freaking blacks worthless maggots.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Y'all really out here getting pregnant by the same niggas you been on and off with for 6 years, keep you as a secret and cheat on you!? Y'all buggin tf out. You don't "win" cus you have his baby, you dumb bitches.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Anyone with more than 1 wife is a pervert and a heartless piece of sh*t you can't genuinely love more than one woman periodt URL
USA #1  We beat your ass 1776 bitch!
They tolerate rape and murder, but draw the line at petty theft. God bless the USA.
Fuck off homo fag
I think the only thing to understand here is that, morally, "people" like you are faggots. Go take a long walk off an Iranian building, you pillow biting queer
women are the house niggers on the society plantation
@Michell45140635 @heyadiana @RashidaTlaib @ewarren You first woman oh dang sorry person I need to be gender neutral  So f#$%%& up
disarming us for the crown corporation to continue...thanks jews and thank you jew freemasonry...i cant wait to be executed when th UN army invades our disarmed nation...
American police are fucking thugs.
@ThomasJTobin1 So are Catholic pedophiles you low life piece of shit, FO and burn in Hell!!!
How nice of the "reporters" to talk like this about a hungry child!?! Also the sweet lady who fed him! The fundamentals of being a good person, when someone is cold you give them warmth, when someone is hungry you share and feed them.....wtf is wrong with this world. But yet the same people want to allow thousands of illegal immigrants into America,......you will feed and clothe them though right??? You parasites.
You are a delusional racist moron. You will never achieve anything in life and you will spend eternity burning in hell you despicable piece of rancid trash.+Yahchanan Yasharahla
@PeteByron1 @realDonaldTrump When is the blood lust of vengeance going to leave? Millions isn't good enough? You want all 1.3 billion millions blown up? It's been two decades since 9/11! Stop it! Religion litterly wants to murder the world and everyone in it so Jesus/ God will make them his special creations
Not my fault you can't read, faggot.
Should have left the Pakistanis kill them off.
@Muxima5 @andyman168 I think you just like tweeting the word pussy. You must be 12. Does your mum know you are tweeting profanity? C*nt
Illegal immigrants have no rights lol deport them please get them outta here there criminals
this bitch deserves to die a very slow and painful death and rot in the deepest pits of hell. URL
How about just GTFO and nuke Saudi Arabia?
I hate Christianity so fucking much. Think of all the hateful shit that has gone on in the last 2000 years because this made up bullshit has people repressing themselves for fear of eternal damnation.  Or, is it superstitious humans that I hate? Hard to say.
What a pathetic little country. You import the third world you become the third world.
That grotesque image of a woman is a demonic entity arisen to undermine all Western Civilization, along with her 3 demonic cohorts.
@CoatonDean Don't want Trump but they back someone who is anti-semitic and who wants us to live next door to jihads returning from Syria. Deluded bunch these lot Dean
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Let's compensate for your dwindling masculinity by going and committing some war crimes! Nothing like deep throating a boot to prove you aren't gay.
I hate this fucking argument because there are a lot more fucking prolife people in the us than there are radical islamists
@ingleewoood @scorpiihoee Is that dick in ur hand again? I'm gonna tell ur mom tonight while I have her bent over the kitchen counter giving her what ur daddy doesn't since he probably left u consider the statistics on the black community. Just saying facts. Keep bringing out the demon.
Because they were made by faggots for faggots.
RACIST CUNT MARTIN LAURANCE WOW LOOK AT ALL THESE BLACK PEOPLE WTF ARE YOU DOING HERE OH IS THAT RUDE THEN WTF MAKES YOU THINK ITS NOT RUDE TO ALL RACES U FUNNY CUNTS EVERYONE IS GONNA BE KILLED BY NAZI SOCIAL ENGENEERING MULTICULT SATANIC CULT NWO SHIT FUCKIN RETARDS IM SICK OF IT JUST FUCK OFF LEAVE PEOPLE THE FUCK ALONE
That fat heifer in red has such a punchable face. Fucking bitch. The men with her are a bunch of losers as well.
Basically female Reddit users compared to equal users on Instagram...flat-ass normies smh
@Filamental2 @frostytea_ fuck off british faggot
Yeah; these 2 fucking jackasses ! they stone little girls to death in some cultures on this planet..., equal to the English Americans here in your and my culture. Why would so many of the wealthy African Americans wish to return to the culture on the continent of Africa and begin to improve there... their Home Nation ? You know: areas where y'all ( you know, members of your Fucking culture ) CHOP the arms off of ( Humans ) ? Go to Hell ! We have a great and good President in The Office Of Our Great Nation. Oh; and you are welcome, jackasses....
I guess. Ana Kasparian doesn't want to have baby. Because she is radical feminist American women. They are very selfish.
Hell ain't real. Stop being a religious nigger.
Your bitch's pussy is 4 times deeper than 5 inches after I was done... lets see if you can do the math kid!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Gays and Bi are the worst type of people and pride month is the worst month! #PrideMonth #PrideMonth2019
Lovely pussy, wnna spread ur ass and show me both holes?
Trans culture is seeing that and knowing that you look amazing, but having dysphoria leave you feeling hollow and constantly on the verge of tears. URL
Good girl my submissive little slut. Your sucked my cock like a whore, while the neighbors watched. Then you mounted my cock, and fucked yourself. I fingered your ass hole, and crushed your tits, until I filled your pussy with cum. Now my warm cum is draining from your fuck hole! URL
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Bitch back up before I hit ur dumb ass
+Donald Kasper fuck youself, stupid white trash.
Islam is Poison.  URL
OMG SHES TALKING SHIT
#AltRight News > Jailed jihadis are forcing other inmates to convert to Islam, beating those who don't comply URL
Let's try a new way.deport all leftists and let the immigrants replace them
India is run by a bunch of assholes
Your a young mans dream. I wish you were my mum  id use my very thick and hard cock to fill your mature holes and shoot my young potent seed deeply into your holes and make mummy leak and get lightheaded from just how deeply id pound her perfect pussy
@loonavic @louvrelot @Precuuming bitch fuck you and your nipple you smelly bitch
What, another one?? Colour me surprised. In movies and video games however we'd have 45kilo midget wymyn out playing 400kilo 5meter giants 69-0. Cucks would rate it 10/10 "best thing ever".
I've Got Your "Hostile Takeover" You Homo Queen Schmuck. Pow!
@KingMarozi @MercedesBenzUSA Are you dumb or you just butthurt it's pride month  where tf does it say gays did it or you can't fucking read
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
that's the type of chick to cut ur dick off
@Josh D haha what's the matter faggot did I hurt your gay feelings?
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
Migrant caravan should be shot down, I'm getting fucking tired of this shit
LESBIAN porno Anal porn Dutch Porn Ass hole photos Türbanlı Porno Gay porn Rimjob Germany sex URL
I suspect accepting idea/participating in white genocide inspired race war last ditch effort at self preservation before suicide=Low self worth/value. Desperate-Will to live grasp, attach existence w/easiest group attribute/Identity=RACE. 1/3
lol burn the whole church down The entire fucking organization was complicit in the assaults. They sheltered abusive priests for DECADES and still are covering shit up today.
@GerardChenMavs @jasontey73 Just like the Chinese did with the japs ...huh.... Your a moron  Ur swimmers are drug cheats...fact
The following comment by wolfwolfz was *[openly](URL greylisted. The original comment can be found(in censored form) at this link: URL CryptoCurrency/comments/bxhan3/-/eq7bpu2?context=4 The original comment's content was as follows: --- > Stop giving this fag exposure
we bust on bad boys niggas fucked for life. plus puffy tryna see me, weak hearts i rip, whitey ford forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead whoops wrong hit em up lol
I propose a genocide of annoying boys
I hate fags because of this shit.
Fuck America and fuck Israel. They're both evil
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
@MKDorDiggsy What does one even say to that? Perhaps "well at least I don't look like I've been sniffing a butthole full of cocaine whitey."
I can tell she's a whore because she couldn't even take this picture without showing her underwear.
@A *Wal one of those white supremacy trump supporting black folk killed her... right???
If you come to me and tell me you fucked another's girls man and brag about it , you are straight up trash...
id throw a bible at chenpa but she'd probably shove it up her ass
All they prove to be is a bunch of fruitless lacking morals overloaded estrogen driven bitches! All of them are USELESS to any society!
I see the pattern. It's not random. This is White Terrorism. My people are in cages at the border for being "dangerous criminals", meanwhile these white incel beta cucks are shooting up places with mommy's money.
+J Clm MEXICANS RATS WANT FREEBIES FROM AMERICAN TAX PAYERS SO THEY CAN DO THEIR DIRTY SELLING CHILDREN FOR SEX,DRUGS, PROSTITUTE, AND COLLECT WELFARE CHECK
Is it any wonder? Your weak, your useless! The only thing even making me keep you is your ability to make me cum! Heh I enjoy flooding your holes and will never stop! Now take another one slut! URL
@AhmedSa99569268 Imran Khan is a Thief.... inshallah one day Pakistani people will kill Imran khan.he iss crupht politician..
Time to bomb Iran and show all those smelly Iranian children with burns and flies on them. Death to Iran and anyone supporting them,. May you all die very slowly and painfully.
Yeah fuck these white people this land if for the Natives and the Jewish people after we drive the whites out the native people can live safely next to New Israel. We shall stand strong my Fellow Americans.
No idea what you talking about with the chance and the blade. Im guessing its something to do with your video games and dildos. Anyway.  Tonight you learned that you too are a little pussy who sweeps aside the death gap in order to talk about women's fake victim narrative for more free shit and privileges.  Congratulations on knowing what a weak trash homo you are.  You are welcome. Next.
hey India!!!! how about you stop building the worlds largest monuments and trying to go to space and instead try to feed the billion starving people in your country? what do you say?
Lmao who the fuck is Taiwan? "Lol lemme just tell this super power to repent, they'll listen to me!" Fucking idiots.
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
@LEWMARAJJ @Jazmine023 These hoes chime in every time their tiny little egos are bruised!
Ilhan Omar is from Somalia , The IQ level of a ''person '' from Somalia is 70, which is basically mild retardation. Ilhan Omar belongs in Africa washing her clothes in a dirty river, not in US congress. What a disgrace these 4 bimbo's can certainly dish it out but cannot take it, ...their agenda is....if anyone criticizes us we'll call them a racist. Even when nothing racist is being said. Absolutely pathetically hilarious !!
"The German government should be arrested and imprisoned for racism." You don't know that racism by definition has to do with a race. If you are a Scientologist, that is your religious belief, not race.  You are either a troll, confused or incompetent.
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
I would remove those sexy panties and eat her until she cummed in my mouth, then I would fuck her hard with my cock until I blew a huge fucking load on her face or breast!
You would fuck a tranny?
*SMASH THE PATRIARCHY*
Indian women deserve all the rape and female infanticide they get from Muslims in India
Dr. Cum Control edging his very horny boy. And then giving him a ruined orgasm  @DrCumControl #edgehim #edging #milking #cumcontrol #orgasm #ruinedorgasm #cum #handjob #jerkoff #bondage #kink #kinky #gaykink #bdsm URL
Yes, lets baptize them in the name of Odin, Thor and Freya...by burning them Christians to ashes
It's not 'Fear of Black People, it's DISDAIN. Anti-Blackers don't fear Negro People, they know we haven't any military-might.
I am citing biology, retard. Me and this lady we're having an amicable discussion, what is with all of you snowflakes downvoting everything to Oblivion whenever anybody Ruffles your feathers. Has reddit always been a hub for beta male cowards? Have I jist not noticed it before? Yall niggas are mad because I said tits are sexy. What has the world come to...
Deport her send her back to Somalia she is a terrorist piece of shit.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
We need to bomb Mexico into rubble.
@pigmen_mc Hey nigger. Fuck herix clan they suck big dicks. Imma dislike bot all ur vids to fuckin 100k bitch ass fat ugly fuck suck ur mums tits u nigro
Breeding Killers in Canada!!! When will Canadians fight back and get this shit out of our Country? What are we waiting for? Mass murders on Canadians? What if this happens to your Canadian child? Will it be enough then? If we wait any longer we will lose our Country like Europe! URL
Had niggas trying to cheat off us and everything . We ate it up.
@BasedPoland @gatewaypundit and attacking the women.
CONGRATULATIONS #MARYLAND #BALTIMORE LIBERALS & OBAMA... YOU REACHED A NEW LOW If I didn't know better, I would have thought this was Europe. Once again, Democrat Mayor Police Video Shows Whites Being Targeted During Memorial Day Chaos in Baltimore URL
Wipe ur ass u dirty mongoloid
Because of the loopholes in our current immigration policy, migrants are undertaking the dangerous journey to enter the U.S. illegally. Mass amnesty that the Dems are pushing won't. . .   Protect migrants  Secure our border  Support @CBP agents
I would, then fucking wreck that chick.
should have nuked iran capital killed khomenia
And that femsub normality really hurts people like me (hence why I'm arguing it) because 90% if not more of nsfw bdsm content is about maledom, and it creates a large stigma where women feel like they're supposed to be submissive and men feel like they're supposed to be dominant when in reality it's about the person not the gender.
That pussy hit different when its only for ME
He should join the jew Epstein in prison and share cells with bubba
The President is right. These 4 brown communist rats should be kicked out of America. The founding fathers weren't brown...they were all white, remember?
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
Loulou66 well I know those tap dancing negros exist lol what's that one youtube dudes name he's like the biggest Uncle Tom ever
Tell Jihad Omar to go back to the shithole she slithered out of... URL
Fuck that nigguh
stop being so defensive of your affliction. Get the help you need to stop raping kiddies, denounce your belief in the fake god that tells you to do these things and you'll be alright! Oh also, stop pretending to have sex with dogs. Those little red rockets are just rubber, they are not dog dicks! so relax! RELAX! FUCKING CHILL! You rapist!
We already have affirmative action ... which we all know is nothing but passing over better qualified people in exchange for skin deep differences ... which is the very definition of racism.
Fuck this bitch
You know nothing of Paganism, Ben, so it were best you remain silent on the topic. Your discussion of it is diametrically opposed to my experience of it as a practitioner.
Asian-white couples face distinct risks during pregnancy, new study reveals URL
@SMTOWNGLOBAL dumb bitch
because bears r gay
Fuck off. You sound like a supporter of child rapists. That bitch is a evil satanic freak. And it's about time people woke up to that fact. She belongs in prison.
Need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country.
It's all your fault to be honest you are trash you bottom hole all women are perfect and dont screw you over unless you do something first look at your self and realize what a bad person you are pffff go die in a fire butt.
literally all you gotta do is look at AOC, listen to her talk, youll know she is bat shit insane, then listen to how the muslim rag head bitch married her own brother to know this whollleeee country is fucked.  H.O.L.Y FUCK
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Such a little bitch. Go play with your ass some more and try to get your dick to work
@CharlieBoiiiFoo Nah niggas just be trash with no real IQ
These four hags of the Apocalypse won't get any special treatment in hell.
Sounds like "Smear the Queer" is back on the table
Disregard all the science that says there are only two genders; looks like you're just fucked in the head.
Incel piece of trash
@DestinHall Perhaps men should be required to have vasectomies. Then then we wouldn't need abortions.
Indian r fucking retarded
Woah! Stop with your bullshit propaganda. Tell this shit to your Muslims friends and ask them to stop doing radicalized shit instead of asking why we Hindus hate Muslims. Anyway good luck with your 72 juicy virgins.
Well it's happening!!!!!! Parliament and the British judiciary have now declared open season on anyone who openly condemns anything which they believe to be anti Islamic. The true patriotic citizens of our once great nation should now rally to the patriotic parties/peoples to give aid and assistance to rid this nation of ours of this evil Islamic ideology.
@kirrii23 angry dumbass, slutty gay, chaotic bitch, tired thot
Walls the kind of wall that always pinches rollies from you but never has his own fags.
Weak ass ho can suck my pussy
If I had a nickle for every time Germany tried raping Europe...
54 soldiers sentenced to death by firing squad 4 refusal 2 fight boko haram r all southerners.28 Yoruba,16 Igbo, 8 S.South #Copied URL
Who gives a shit what random internet incels think just post retard.
What fukn retards
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
I want a crazy gf who don't entertain these niggas and kinda mean
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
She's a woman, and nowadays women can act like pieces of shit and be called 'strong' or 'empowered'...its so fucking stupid. People are ignorant, ill leave it at that.
I wanna see her sucking your cock while fucking a fat dildo
me and the boys firebombing Dresden in The Big Nigger
Seeking asylum does not undo a crime committed you stupid idiot AOC! On this train of thought you could commit a crime do not admit citizenship and claim asylum instant AOC get out of jail free card! The dems are attempting to overthrow the government via illegal immigration and then allowing them to vote by stopping voter ID.
Nasty bitch go raise your children
Snake ass white boy.... When will you black people realize there is nothing to gain from integration with these people???? They are terrible people..look at thier history, what they do now and what they have planned for black people!!! Wake up!!!!! #ADOS #tangibles2020
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
@delhichatter Sometime I feel like taking a flame thrower to these pigs of this particular religion and burn their peacefulness along with them...
You want to hit women and children. I will hit you and take your life, money and family.  FUCK WITH US AND DIE.
Mother fucking niggers. Guess I should've went on a preemptive killing spree after all...
sooo disgusting, remember when people kept their sex acts to themselves? old woman on 90 day the other way is going to try to force young good looking muslim to peform oral on her.
NTA, fuck that fat bitch and her purse
Even these damn aliens are std infested fuckboys UGH
You ppl need to fight and reclaim your own lands. Not piggy back off of the USA. Fix your shitholes. Fight for it. Make your lands great again.
Seriously...the homophobia is strong in the like/dislike ratio.
@openthewindow5 Yea that's how people are, especially men. They are the first ones to force females to have abortions while claiming to be prolife. Well in Alabama there will be no more of that, and many of them will have to face their responsibilities.
i would love to see the whore get used and degraded. see her get cum shoved up her pussy, ass and down her throat. see her face and the tits covered in cum. At least 8 cocks.
speak up againt this jews everywehere if you love Jesus dont let them fool us dont let them conquer us around they world
A must read! PC culture from politicians help kill Christians says Archbishop of Irak. The problem with 'Islamophobia' smearing... Iraq's Christians 'close to extinction' URL
Brown people are all the same
Yes! The Palestinians terrorist state needs to be wiped from the face of the earth. While we're at it, let's take care of Iran too. URL
"what a fucking Nigger"
California ejected black man from Democratic Convention for no apparent reason. It appears they want to silence minorities and if that doesn't work abort them all. This is the plan of Margaret Sanger, but some people will not look into this. We need illegals due to our aborted.
@veronic16912774 @SenKamalaHarris Actually the native Americans were at war constantly with each other murdering and stealing each others land over and over. That's a fact and actual history. It's wasn't a bunch of tree hugging liberals in teepees.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
men will hype up a woman that works for a system that puts children in concentration camps because they're horny and vile sacks of shit i hate this bitch of an earth so much URL
your pussy probably dry bitch bye
U guys suck dick and no one likes your fag assess stupid bitch
Wonderful, another brain feminism.
@boblister_poole Is he not promoting an illegal act? Deport him, preferably circumcised.
Fuck her while you and my wife fuck
Get off your ass and stop asylum-seekers crashing our border, how do you sleep at night how do you let this happen,? Are you waiting for an Ebola outbreak
gay people should die
@dollycent Lmao of course! I used to be a boobs guy but I grew up.
@MrElPoderozo1 no your racist because you use random acts of shittyness to paint all black people like a monolith. You're not a realist just a try hard.
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
The sexy kind and the slutty kind.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Because they don't care? Maybe even Amit Shah has drank the kool aid of rice hag christ fags seccesion nadu? I don't fucking know.
You wanna know why your little cunt craves cock so much huh? It's cause you were built to breed.
This bitch is dumb as hell
@jeremycorbyn Will Muslim Council of Britain attend?(don't forget to check for knives and suicide vests at the door)
Their land was stolen and they were killed by the millions, completely displaced. It's pretty obvious which group leans towards murderous. That same group did end their either, then they brought over boats full of enslaved people to abuse, torture, rape, etc.  Get a grip you bigot.
Straight white girls waiting for one of their gay friends to invite them to Pride URL
Thank you Trump for rounding up these illegal immigrants! About time! They have no right to be here! Illegal immigrants are a slap in the face to legally immigrants who came the right way... And all these officials that is Obstructing justice to I.C.E from doing their jobs, should be jailed and held accountable for not up holding the oath they took to protect the law when they took office... Thank God for Trump! Trump2020
You fkn worthless WHITE PEOPLE make me sick go ahead keep it up and you will be slaves you bunch of fkn dumbasses oh and look all were demokkkrats were the ones who started the fk asswipes.#WhiteSupremacistInChief
No war? You Eurotrash have brought us into two world wars. The scumbag French got us into Vietnam. If it wasn't for the United States, you ugly shits would all be speaking German or Russian. Elizabeth Warren....Hahahaha. These leftist women are so funny. They think they belong in politics...lol
Catholics in France under sustained attack with desecration of churches and vandalization of cemeteries. URL
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
gma/gpa are probably typical american retards.
And still deafening silence from Imran Khan at Islamabad to Bilawal Bhutto Govt in Sindh. This shocking news might have caused huge hue&cry and emergency in any decent country. In Pakistan business is as usual bcz these are children of lesser god who r counted only @ polls time. URL
Meh. At least the Jews aren't fucking jihading
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Again, one that doesn't have their pathways so utterly fucked that they get aroused by animals. It's not natural, and it's not normal, and counter to how the brain has evolved. Same goes for those with urine or scat fetishes. There is something fucked in their brain, because it's just plain unnatural and would serve no purpose. Aroused by the site of titties? Makes sense! Aroused by shit or animal dick? Now that's a broken brain.
Sexy dumb bitch looks like she needs some dumb cock in her
@Education4Libs @JCMounduix Well, if your god is hateful like you describe then I'm glad I killed him off when I had the chance.
I am in my 80s and not white Most Americans are racist KKK members, Nazis and other assorted trash. They are worse than Nazis and have soldiers and concentration camps in more countries than Hitler did. Boycott USA.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
"That mirror must be gay, because it's in the closet" -jacksepticeye 2019
Bitch was sucking my dick so good I had to punch her in the head
@chrislhayes Paedophilia is also a trade in children.
Rot in hell yt devils. These "immigrants" are my ppl and belong on this land. You fucks invaded like locust and stole our homeland.
inferior fag sub sluts must be marked.. #nocondomsallowed #nopullingout URL
all hail fucking jax you fucking faggot, we aren't toxic, your fucking toxic, fucking bunk wannabe dave Chappelle making jokes??? you wanna be funny you fucking twink? i hope you get hurt, bad, fucking faggot.
@brookehouts Fucking dumb ass b*tch
Keep your idiotic head scarves in your underdeveloped hellish desert countries you freakin' scum dumpster fires!!! Shame... (prophet muhammad is a little fictional one-eyed trouser snake) Death to ALL muzzies!
If You Get Cyber Bullied, You're A Faggot And Deserve It. Your Stupid Ass Stayed On The Computer And Cried All Night Haha FAG
Females will hate on me because I get along with certain people...lmaooo bitch why you bitter
Old is gay
They should be dumped 300 miles offshore if they make it back alive then send them back to Mexico in a body bag
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
The religion of death , these beasts deserve nothing but what they spread ...#
She looks like trash anyways.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
The fact that you think homosexuality is equivalent to theft and adultery says everything that needs to be said about your shitty sense of morality.
If the US pulled their military presence from those Europoor countries, China and Russia would have those whiny faggots bent over like a prison bitch.
"Un-Islamic system like capitalism" - the religion that sold slaves to the western world
nigga i ordered a pizza online from dominos and selected ranch these niggas put the ranch on the pizza instead of tomato sauce i just called in a bomb threat to they store
I honestly can't be around shias who think mattam and azadari isn't a part of our aqeedah or just this extra thing we added - please move to Antarctica alone thank you
All you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico!
@MARRlSEY Shut the fuck up dumb bitch
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Stop fake gassing these hoes cmon now guys
did this bitch really just tell me to charge right???? bitch you can gladly take my spot
What a total POS, hope the devil rapes him every second for eternity
This cunt speak for Black people and BTW Trump gonna win period!!!
You look like the kind of dumb whore who will let any man abuse your fuckholes for an hour.
@BitchImMikeB your Twitter Days are numbered nigger!
She's so helplessly useless, she can't even spell words properly.
Time to be brutally murdered bitch
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Any time I hear it they always put a lil stank on it. Usually as they are gatekeeping "ur a cis white male so blah blah blah"
Exhibit B as to why America is fucking trash.
The citizens of the U.S. and elsewhere owe Israel f•ck all. Stop inciting violence + hatred against leftist WoC, you . Take your boner for settler colonial ethnostates + crawl your racist ass back in your tacky gold plated cave + be f•cking quiet. URL
The mere fact that He created us at all makes me think that this whole "we are worthless sinners, we are lucky that God thinks of us at all let alone saved us" mentality of some denominations of Christianity is at worst wallowing self-pity and at best missing the entire point of being alive.
Y'all orgy bitches STILL ugly swapping spit n shit with the whole group y'all ain't ever Hurd of herpes?
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
I'm sick and tired of that motherfuckin' motherfuckin' nigger faggot!
Tornadoes, tsunamis, starvation, and earthquakes, all thanks to the fragile male ego.
@nailainayat I thought in islam there are no siblings only couples! Because brother marries his own sister is what cruel reality of islam! Even in many cases in India muslim father marries his own daughter on the pretext that it is islamic! And changes entire relationship!
+D Raww We've been held to a different standard all our lives as black men, the shit ain't nothing new. But you do have idiots who will be idiots as well. No excuses.
These Muslim Incels are the next Abu Lahab
But it ISN'T a white majority country. That needle tipped 10 years ago.  You go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
@KatrinaPierson May God punish Obama 4 helping to install Satanic Buhari as Nigerian President who's now destroying anything in sight, His Islamization and Fulanization are now real. Christians n non-Fulani are killed like ants while the world looks on...all to Satanic Obama hatred for Jonathan
AOC is a terrorist and a traitor to your country send her to Syria
I just want a needy sub to grind against my leg for pleasure so I can tease her and tell her how shes my pathetic slut
suck my fat fucking dick i'm tired of all you dumbasses
Your a RACE BAITING BITCH THAT IS PLAIN ASS IGNORANT. GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR COUNTRY YOU TERRORIST AL-QAEDA WHORE
She doesn't like America. Or Americans.. send her back.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Yes, there is no small amount of misogyny in the gay male population.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
What is my chances, percent wise, that i would be a victim of a mass shooting in the US by a white nationalist? I'm trying not to down play this shit but come on...
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Evil bitch that deserves to get her poor children taken away.
You're a fake ass bitch, i don't fucking like you and you shouldn't even be here
Gay more chicks and slaughter every one that doesn't have a number
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
The plastic clothespins are biting the soft warm skin of your big tits, slut! The clothespins are locked over the lips of your slut shaved pussy. I'll listen to your screams, while I use the whip to knock the clothespins off your skin. You'll scream and cum, while you suffer! URL
How about working women? We appreciate great ass too! :3
Why do black people tend to not like any animals ? Like it's just a bunny lol not a frog or tarantula
Fuck this faggot
@CNN Okay that means you need to ban all mainstream media because you are all Jewish supremacy organizations. @foxandfriends @CNN @ABC @NBCNews you are all supremacy. I'll wait @YouTube and if u don't you'll get sued in common law jurisdiction
There's lots of sexists here who hate seeing females accomplishing anything other than sucking cock and cooking. Just letting you know that so you don't get triggered.
can someone slap this dumb hoe
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@McguireScotty @LochTheScot They must have the same bad water as here in the states we've got a serious mental damage thing going on . It's either that or this is what happens when you don't get your ass wiped as a child (discipline) for the idiots
@PinkNews Wow. This is a new plateau of insanity. Men do not get periods you lunatics.
@winterbrass @Puertorock77_ @WackyW3irdo @_Duhwayne_ @Twitch @winterbrass stfu okay. Thats all i can say. Grocery and Nigger have nothing in comon. Why so avidly deffending her huh. Is she paying you to deffend her or what ? Whats in it for all you ppl deffending her ? So from now on ppl will be droping hard r n words with out consequence?
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Obvious prediction, straight white men are to blame for everything bad in the universe and a final solution is required and or dimi status so they can be used as slaves and while required sprm donors. The far left is full of hate, Soy Wars is a hate fuelled film series like most media. Boycott.
Some all time bits by calling the chinese pigs in the middle of a paid read
Well in English it means means a bunch of degenrate men or women fucking their own gender.You are very stupid normie.
The problem here is that no women want to be with disgusting bigots like you all.
Promise to do away with both dual citizenship and anchor babies, then. That would be a good start. But your "Chinese-Canadian" friends are actually Chinese loyalists/agents, aren't they?
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
@RizwanK05397590 @Arbazkhanpatan @geertwilderspvv @YRDeshmukh Ok MR refugee Endian hindu will fuck your Muslim sis and mother and you will be silent but we will not silent we will as from himdu cow urine drinker about Kashmiri ,khalistan,and endian muslims
@Reuters Muslims are like scattered sheep and Allah send these dogs to unite us once we unite then we can take revenge of every single drop of blood of our muslims brothers
Islam needs to be fucking destroyed.
Muslims are the problem-say it!! MUSLIMS ARE THE PROBLEM!! F**K THEM UNTIL THEY COME INTO THE MODERN WORLD!! AMERICA-LOVE IT OR GET YOUR SORRY ASS OUT!!! MAGA!!!
Chinese race seems to be a spawn of satan himself..the way they live and the cruelty they inflict on animals and other race humans alike is mind boggling and cant come from a human race with even an iota of good in him
Oh shit, Captain "I used to be a cop" finna shoot a nigga
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Guys really talk shit like bitches that's embarrassing
it s not that i don t want to have sex or that anyone doesn t want to have sex with me i just am too good for girls . females are trash and doesn t deserve rights . i d be doing them a favour if i had sex with them bc i m so hot but i won t bc i m too good for them . fucking women deserve to die . they don t deserve my 18 inch cock . i m not a virgin bc i can t get a bitch to fuck , it s just bc i m too good for females . i hate females . die . us virgins shall reign supreme . let s stand against bitches .
Richard Nguyen yeah lets have an all white cast and not be progressive at all.
The average whiteboy cuckasoid. Those pieces of degenerate shit are not even human and deserve to be mercilessly exterminated, MS-13 skinned-alive and taken apart by the joints style.
Look man, no one is a bigger supporter and advocate for gay rights than me. But it's time to put all gay people into conversion camps or prison.
No doubt. The girls weren't obese and the gays weren't out trying to convert everyone by normalizing their degeneracy.
Yeah...lets kill as many children as we can...for that matter why don't we bomb the areas where we have them caged up...cheap and easy solution to the border problem...yeah killing is definitely the answer
Huh, once again shunning ethnic cuisines. How hegemonic of them.
Randians will be butchered in Afghanistan once U.S.A would leave with there pathetic, painful, expensive, humiliating and miserable defeat!!!
For straights who think this is ok: when did u come out as straight? Was anyone in ur life unaccepting of ur sexuality? How oppressed do u feel on a day to day basis for being straight? Are u scared to hold ur s/o's hand in public? Why do u need a "straight pride" parade/event? URL
Im bi and I'm dating all of u
The racism in this country never ceases to amaze me. How can I be walking, minding my own business and a little white boy comes and calls me a nigger. A little kid guys?? In this big 2019 we're in??
But Clitoris New Network said they are peaceful and innocent immigrants.
What has Indian civilisation of the past anything to do with infrastructural and socio-economic backwardness of the present? People like you make me feel sick. I'd probably punch you if I ever saw you in public.
Shit like this . She deserves to die slowly and painfully.
Send them back to there country of origin with a black eye and a limp
You opened my eyes about Goa and GOA Inquisition,no one aware of it and it should be told to the more people ..it is shocking and heartbreaking and emotional and no apology from catholic society @ShefVaidya
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
RELATIONSHIP STATUS: Gotta be honest, most of your boyfriends look like they can't fuck.
Vile Lightskinned niggas with dreadlocks hukaa wakichana..  URL
ISLAM DETECTED.  He will blow himself up if he wins.
Yea, women are disgusting. SquadW brother.
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Soon this white trash supremacist will be gone... Dumped on the trash heap of history. Hurry Cult of Trump followers...get in one more Heil Trump.  8645
@DavetheCamel Whenever I see the old chestnut of "thoughts and prayers" or "can't do anything close to the tragedy", I always think of this: URL
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Job? What the fuck are you talking about slut, you will have no job. You are an object, a thing. Things do not have jobs. They have functions. Your function is too suck and fuck and pleasure. To be used. You will make no contribution to any society. You will used untill you are useless, then discarded like a piece of rubbish. Untill then bend the fuck over and spread. I Intend to use you anus vigorously, then your cunt, then your mouth. You are a pretty thing with many functions, I'll use them all tonight.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
I think we the United States of America should just blow Iran from the face of the planet and any other country that supports terrorists.
Ed, you're white. all y'all do is steal land and even insults from 2013.
This is where feminism is needed. But western feminists don't care. They only care about air conditioners, vagina onesies, and men in superhero movies. URL
eat my ass hoe
good, bitch, u aint welcome either
Looks like Michelle's mad shell never be shit in life other than a miserable cunt that gets fucked and the only thing she'll ever be good at is looking at pussy for the rest of her life
niggas be tryna make you mad with the ugliest bitches, boy fuck you and ur pet rat
lol yeah right. the only thing you were gona post is how much of a worthless fuck you are you god daam hypocritical bitch made piece of chimpanzee shit.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
stronk whamen, whose only weakness seems to be rape, because women are getting the shit raped out of them on a daily basis.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Run Ur mouth I guarantee Ur a weak bitch irl
The killer should have come with someone else to kill more people. I hope the number of victims of a next shooting in somewhere will be more than 200 people! I am not surprised 'cuz you americans killed and kill many people in other countries. This is how Karma works.  Die, American muthafuckas, die!
Stupid BITCH
fuck every last one of you bitch ass niggas
Piss poor job of representing the country. Nothing but a lgbt party. Stick to playing your little game and when you actually educate yourselves, then you can make comments. You were supposed to represent the United States not spew your liberal propaganda.
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Well, as I have experienced, many Christians really don't like it when we show grace to those who are lost. We feel more keen in showing judgment,
You must be on the wrong sub. This sub makes fun of misogynist, pro-rape, pro-pedophilia shitstains who think women should be forced to fuck them.
OH my GOD UNITED NATION MEXICO been brain WASHED save AMERICA/THEMSELVES MEXICO/NEIGHBORS, REMOVE SOURCE of Raping & SEX ENSLAVING THESE educated unintelligent FOOLS being LEAD by the NANCY P. thought OF never trying to ever suck N LICKING thing TELL death GIVE them FREEDOM !!!MH
@2xinternet @IauToro @minatracks Fuck off you stupid gook cunt
Keep your mouth shut fag ass bitch. White boy down
To me, a faggot is anyone I make suck my dick.
Yeah well fuck those lesbian niggers.
#morningjoe #mikebarnacle DONT EVER tell a female SENATOR & future PRESIDENT to effen SMILE more! It's sexist and women can do what they want and when they want! Next time say that to Jay Inslee!
I've heard from some other sources, he's also a huge faggot.
I like that brown people defending their homes is "barbaric'.
Praise God. Deport them immediately!
It's the gays and loss of prayer in schools and video games and...blah blah blah. They are fucking idiots or just evil.
All them trannys ! Most r men, maybe one token female.i wouldn't waste my time on this shit , scoocer sucks it is the worst sport there is-!!!!
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Female genital mutilation. Protection of child abusers by the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church preaching against condoms in countries with high HIV rates. Any of the awful acts committed in Syria and Iraq in the last few years. There are so many contenders, it is hard to pick one...
How could be still a virgin with that cock
Women ruin every government they touch and then they fucking pout about
Their page banner has a dog in a more prominent position than the white man just creeping in at the top. Feminists have destroyed Youtube!! Alphabet, fire them before Youtube goes broke.
@riptash i will shoot you in the pussy
@LeslieH24367191 @Bull_Spotter They are the EU. They should be made to emigrate or be sent to prison.
you're a fag r/sounding
why do niggas keep repeating that shit like we give a a fuck
@JayFuentee nigga go to bed early for once
She deserves to be gang raped
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Noah only a true faggot would've replied to my comment lol
@crysjoblie this b needs a c in her a pala ah  HAHAHA JOKE
naaa fuck bobby lee that fucking faggot, wanna punch that fucking goof in the face. he sucks huge hollywood dicks just to be that goody too shoes lil fuckin chink. sam dont ever go on that fucking faggots shit again, makes u look like a bitch. bobby lee u fucking faggot, only ur brother stevie is cool. ur a goof bobby lee
Lmao wtf? U don't want a kid so u don't have sex? What kind of dumbass logic is this.  And wearing a condom doesn't always work so wtf is logic behind that?
From the article: > But if Indigenous victims of violence even today can be said to be casualties of colonialist genocide, then the subset who are by far the most "especially targeted" — which is to say dead — are men. Between 2014 and 2017, Statistics Canada reports there were 139 Indigenous female homicide victims, and 428 Indigenous male victims — three times as many. (Similarly, non-Indigenous men were murdered two-and-a-half times more often than non-Indigenous women.) Men are disposable.
Agreed man fuck it's good to be white
Rid the Nation of 50+ million illegals. Men, women and children
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
#FrenchDavidians will slaughter millions, destroy whole cultures and dictate how they can govern themselves to impose their wicked ideology, but will actively campaign to destroy us for wanting to ban pedophiles from grooming kids in a public location.
Imagine how much of a loser you must be to collect things as a hobby instead of insulting strangers on the internet. Ooo look at me I have shirt worn by bouncing ball player slobber on my dong bitches puke on that shit fucking gargle my nads and hoover some blow off my shaft I am the king of owning shirts. Oh yeah well I just spent 6 months telling a woman with a dead baby her baby deserved to die and she's a terrible mother and she should kill herself. It was hilarious and more satisfying than anything I've ever done in my life. My dick is bigger than your dick bro just accept it.
+السلطانة ماريا ملكة الحب what a stupid person she will be complaining over the EU when they start dropping bombs in Iran banjo
If the bitch is unwilling remove the choice,no running away slut what he's not told you is that you'll be tied up all weekend, he's put your boi hole online & many horny alpha are already lining up as it said no limit,his first load will be your only lube URL
Haha, bring it on Mexico. Americans have finally had enough of the endless amounts of crime, disease and expenses we've endured directly because of your shit hole country.
Yousir Cantknow buckshot to u ..u must be a white for sure!!!!
@claraofflowers Fucking degenerate cowards, I bet if you try to kill a nazi as being lgtb you're going to jail but not for them.
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
@SaddestSpiral YUP YUP AMEN GAY BABY BOOMERS FUCK OFF CHALLENGE
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
"Women deserve equal rights" and lefts. But only when it cums down to getting punched in the cunts, gnomeimsayin
As part of Iranian law being homosexual is banned and punishable by death so it wouldn't be murder rather execution
A child rapist is still a child rapist. A supposed enlightened man of god should have known raping children wasn't okay. I guess his god just conveniently forgot to mention it when he was ordering him to go out and rape men and women who weren't Muslims to insult and degrade them. Don't give me that stupid shit. Islam 100% encourages rape.
Keep your head down, and your ass up while I breed you, bitch! I'll pound my cock in your pussy, until your fuck hole is red and ruined. I'll fill this fuck hole with my load of warm cum. I want to slide my fingers through the cum as it drains from your pussy after your breeding. URL
+Edward Terry Also maybe if you didn't act like such barbaric morons under the guise of "Muh holy book." you wouldn't be kicked out of every other country for the past one hundred years.
@somebodystop_me "A total loser whose country is going to hell"
1) This type of person is allowed to reproduce, and vote. Let that sink in. 2) She'll get a slap in the wrist. She's a woman and a mother. Does the state really want to care for the child because she took shots and called the cop a n****r? Doubtful.
Oh yea, Americans are the only white people in this world.
Time to listen the story of flowing blood in the streets of Kashmir United nation "We demand to free Kashmir from Indian MILITARY." #SaveLivesInKashmir @UN @UNHumanRights  @OfficialDGISPR  @SMQureshiPTI URL
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Yes you're right. I just wish more poc didn't see it as a requirement to flaunt wealth, or what we percieve as wealth to prove our success to others. I'd rather not give my money to some Italian fashion house with dubious political affiliations. But that's just me. I can't speak for everyone.
y'all can't assume every female is a hoe or talks to hella niggas just bc those are the type of females y'all fuck with. I promise you we aren't all the same
Grab the pregnant female illegal Aliens. Let them have their baby in their own country.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Ahh yes. More Christian truth of making up lies. Should we expect something else from the liar religion?
Fag exposed #Fag #fagexposed #faggots URL
Erry nigga in da world wan put his face in yo ass. Ok we get it
This place has seriously turned into the gayest fucking subreddit on the planet.
fat bitches really are ugly
Report: Mario Lopez could lose his job at 'Access Hollywood' after remarks about parents letting 3-year-old children change genders URL
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
Trump is right, no more globalist regime change, rebuild America first! Only pussies go die in useless wars for Isreali soyboys
Faggot ass nigga wanna go to jail for clout
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Statistically, even with school shootings I have a higher probability of a long life than your typical Nig. You know, because Nigs gonna Nig.
This subreddit is demeaning AF.  Yall act like black people are incapable of any type of normal behavior to a point where the top post on reddit is literally some teenagers sleeping on a couch.
I'd fucking bend her over and fuck her holes and cum all over her face.
They really kicked that 12 year old out? Man fuck those liberal cock suckers. Hillary supporting lesbian pieces of shit. Believing in more than 2 genders stupid ass freak
And later those niggers cry when they get shoot in their stupid face.
Fuck off bitches!
FUCK AREA 51 LETS FUCKING STORM CHINA AND FREE THE MUSLIMS URL
Send the fuckers back across the border
you're a faggot. suck on my nuts
Jai Shri Ram: The Hindu chant that became a murder cry, reports BBC. URL
@ThatOneSevie I'm not even a Christian I hate God but I also hate these homos who are ruining our society
@Pontifex The Jews crucified Christ and were proud of it, the Christians in the world must hate them. The Bible says that your greatest enemy is Jews, so do not be friends with them.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Kill all trans people
Honestly though some white people are really fucking idiots I swear
so when are we gonna pass a bill that cuts off the dicks of male rapists?
Well Muricans doesnt seem to give a shit cops killing people and NRA and OIL companies fucking USA like a fuckdoll in Japanese bordell. And all those cops killing innocent people are not getting punished so murder seems to be OK there
Should have whooped those racist mayos
I also hate black people
Go shove a hairbrush up your ass homo
He's too dangerous to be left alive. He has the capacity to bring down all the corrupt and sexually abusive m/billionaires. And yet you imagine they're going to continue helping him because of Israel or some shit?
This is not something we should be informing people of. We must all worship the Jews and no one else.
@realDonaldTrump You and your supporters are racist white garbages!! If you don't like immigrants and want kick them out for not kissing your rotten ass start with your useless porn garbage wife her naked pussy is all over the internet can't make this up
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Bi actually, will you shut the fuck up and play player match if I eat your ass?
if u aint a christian ima stab u in the face
God won't bless his son's murderer Israel.
Why is this greasy ugly white chick trying to be black?
I only want to turn you into a cock craving, cum guzzling brain dead sissy. Is that too much to ask? #sissy #sissification
@jemelehill @chick_in_kiev The "mental health" malarkey is NSRA kkkuck-speak. Whites are never just thugs, they must have an illness.  In real life they have no illnesses-they are just nazi a-holes.
men will hype up a woman that works for a system that puts children in concentration camps because they're horny and vile sacks of shit i hate this bitch of an earth so much URL
Fck that bitch
So hot!!! Wish she squirted in my mouth
How I fuck up but im giving him punishments? Don't leave me out here with these niggas if you want me to be faithful  you KNOW im a horny ass ho.
"White supremacists" can't exist but the Jew are running a vast multinational conspiracy to control the media & ensure their own racial superiority?
THE ULTIMATE CUCKOLD QUEEN - I FILL MY SLAVE'S STOMACH FULL OF THICK CUM : GANGBANG AND MULTIPLE CUM LOADS EATING CUCKOLD HUMILIATION URL #CUCKOLDING #Clips4Sale URL
@ICEgov But, what about all of the children? You are fucking animals!
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Yall sum fake ass niggas on god.
Crossdressering and getting fucked in the ass with a strapon
Good job USA!!! But not that purple hair nazi cunt that hates who she represents, she can go fuck off. Deport her ass somewhere.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
@sassy__peaches Lmao right I just told her I love her multiple times while sleeping with other women. What a fuckboy
These degenerate cunts do not represent half of the population.
I fucked my homies wife
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Mexicans get greasy sweating in just a day. Why do all of those illegals not look greasy and shiny in the video? Because they are liars and they came here illegally. They are typical criminals.
Men are fucking stupid though
kid is mentally retarded
Aye you bitches ugly and fat
I want to stick my cock in you, I'm so horny for you babygirl
Faggotry is palpable
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
@ShanobieSpurs You need to fuk off you homophobic kunt
Guys only want one thing and it's fucking disgusting
Get the Muslims out of your country before it's too late
BECAUSE I CAN AND BECAUSE ITS LIKE THAT FOR TRASH LIKE YOU HOES  DISTURBING 'SCREWING TOO THE TOP" BUT (((ESPECIALLY))) HEAVEN WOW THE VOLUME BEHIND THAT DATE RAPE DRUG THEN RAPED THEN DRAGGED THEN IMPREGNATED DONE LET'S TAKE OUT THE TRASH FIRST AMEN
She's always in charge and bossing around, she needs to be bent over and take a hard fucking
It is basically just a hole to jerk off into at this point. Why do you cunts ruin your pussies like this? Keep it tight bitches.
If we build a wall will all the Christians leave.
Fuck her in the car then Allahu Ackbar
eradicate the gays
Then tell all the man do not compete in grand slam bitch. You just play 2 set to win and man 3 sets and PRICE SAME AS MAN. So thats equality dumbass??
Coulda added "stop harassing ladies, guys". Cuz, yunno, that's the problem URL
Keep her bent over, rip the shorts off and pull her hair while I gape her asshole
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
man if some lady tried to get between me and my sweet cotton candy cloud 9 id take one look at the dumb bitch, smirk, gently lay my fedora down and fucking bludgeon her to death with my nitendo switch until she felt the sweet adrenaline of a nicotine rush. And don't give me that bull shit bout cops. I know my rights. just standing my fuckin ground
Just when you thaught shit couldnt get any gayer beiver bieber shows up to prove everyone wrong
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
I want fuck those tits with my 10in dick and then throw her down and trust it into her wet pussy
@anxhelique Men are trash they just want to use you and throw ypu away urghhh.
go suck a dick u shit stain
there really is some weird implied sense in women that hey, i exist, so you MUST fuck me if i want to fuck you. I truly believe so much of the feminist hatred comes from post wall women. their ego's inflated to such a degree, that when the "no's" start coming in, they just don't know how to handle it, and want to truly make things like rejecting them as rape. what's the difference between a hot girl using her beauty to control a guy and an ugly girl making a law forcing the guy to act like the men do to hot women. nothing to them.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
\#MEEEEEEETOOOO what fat faggot we talking about joey right? You know child molester anthony cumias brother right?
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
I hate you too, you are a retard and a colored person.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
No good homos I'd like to kick their lousy butts! FTFY
Tdy is 15th martyrdom anniversary of Shaheed Dr. Surayya Khosa, she was killed by banned #LeJ #ASWJ for being an active Shia #Shiagenocide
Imagine being so woke that you don't know [whose side to take when Muslims want to eliminate anything LGBT related](URL-england-48294017). Lmao.  Also, somehow, despite having the dumbest leader ever as you claim, the US is still going strong. Americans aren't shooting each other in schools. Traitors who are fucked in the head are doing the shootings. As for not doing anything I'm all ears to hear your brilliant solution lol. Sorry your country is going to shit. I understand you need to take out your frustration on the internet.
durka durka bindi bobbi go shit in the streets you slum rat
Right? Our government, after fucking up their countries and forcing them to come here, takes their kids away from them. Pretty fucked.
u niggas b capping like u from the hood like u dont have ur location on on snapmaps we see u posted up in harrisberg wherever the fuck u not slick
If telling Nazis to fuck off makes you going then yours probably a Nazi so... Fuck off
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Christians are fuckin stupid.
Fuck me that guy looks like another ass clown that visited my church,  [Gordon Winslow.](URL. Asked for money, and did a faith healing gig, and on his website has a $100 prayer shawl. Said God blessed people for giving to him. And prayer all sorts of shit.
What about the current million living on our streets now? Should we give the illegals free healthcare and welfare and an education while homeless citizens sleep on our streets?
Because shooters were gay and tranny
Nobody cares about third world brown people,,, they're ruining Europe and the US.
Let's be honest here, Amy McGrath looks like a man
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Intern Muslims in reeducation camp like China until they love gay sex
Fucking fagot burn in hell
@EthanLesabre @QuestionLGBTedu You're a fucking idiot. Not only is there quite a lot of openly gay conservatives but they a lot of them hate this sexualising and indoctrinating innocent kids and calling it "progressive"
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
21stcenturyenigma They would lift the World Cup trophy very soon if they dress up as women and declare themselves trans.  The future of women's sport is not great as once the trans get in on mass it will be an all male affair
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Don't get you panties in bunch. You stated your opinion and because people don't have the same priorities or opinions as your own you are calling them "f'ing mentally disabled. You are the one with issues. Secondly, obviously you are 13 years old (just the fact you use "retarded" tells me that). So, maybe you should ask your mommy for permission to be here with the big boys next time.
Dan Wruck God? Lol. You mean, sanctimonious Evangelicals that give out mulligans for pussygrabbing
Why is this greasy ugly white chick trying to be black?
flirting w niggas that ain't me? blocked URL
"Because I am a lunatic whore pimped out by kikes and degenrates"
Ooo AMERICA OOO KAFFIR YOUR HANDS ARE FILLED WITH BLOOD AND INJUSTICE THE TIME IS NEAR THAT U WILL HAVE TO PAY ALL YOUR CRIMS AND SINS THIS IS INJUSTICE INJUSTICE YA MADDI YA AL MAHDI OO AWAITED ONE WE ARE YOUR SOLDERS WAITING REUNITE THE UMMAH AGAIN OO KING O MASTER
Oh god not this fucking cancerous shitposting fake feminist again.
fuck america and israel and russia
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
This bitch is nothing but a fucking CUNT!
Man cunts, shallow and non functional.
oh good so your already ahead of schedule. feminazis want to do that exact thing. kill your penis
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
I don't care how threatened you feel, you can't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit. But this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
the very definition of scum, slut, thot, bitch, whore, entitled cumstain, entitled piece of shit, and the devil is scared of her
Gone be in that hoe brawling if someone think they bout just beat my girl up while I'm standing there
Niggers can eat my cunt
Little whore with a cock-hungry cunt
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Females are the most disgusting human beings on this planet.
Horrible with incels? Sure, they deserve it, SDP was made only as a retaliation to this sub by people filled by hate, envy and self loathing, the same kind of people as incels, if you try to help them, most will just attack you.
they're all coming to America to kill you rape you steal from you take over the country and turn it into the scumbag shitholecountry they came from
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
>he consumes the liquid Jew  It's already too late for you
Send one to China and shut their entire country down
How about you report those 60 black kids stealing at a Walgreens in Philadelphia
Niggas act more like bitchs then bitchs do! They messy & they talk too much jus start wearing tampons already PUSSY.
QUICK, THE USA HAS TO SELECT WHO RULES EVERY COUNTRY IN THE WORLD, FOR THE SAKE OF DEMOCRACY! TO SAVE THE PEOPLE WE HAVE TO BOMB THEM! FREEDUMB!
@_freejosh Nah yo do u remember when niggas stole everything out the vending machines bc they left them bitches open up north
@gguptaji @ANI Get out of the nation where bastards godse is been treated as God. This land is for Mahatma not for bastards
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
I like the idea of killing babies but on the other hand I dont want women to have a choice.
Me, at work: *drops box and bends down to pick up the box* Incels: "look at that whore. She clearly dropped the box on purpose so she had an excuse to show off her whore ass. I bet she's thinking about anal sex right now. Bending over like a slut so some chad will come over and ram his dick into her tight asshole and go to fucking town and ruin her. Ugh, how disgusting. I mean I totally would too if I were a chad but I wouldn't enjoy it with such a slut like this!" What I'm actually thinking: "Only two more hours until I go home and take a nap."
Throwing out punctuation, me thinks the lady is upset. "Cockwomble". I haven't heard that in years. Why is it you faggots all sound the same though? Seriously, this shit is boring and old hat. "Knobgoblin", "cockwomble", "young". Lol, that last one shows you how pathetic and a loser you are. "This guy must be young because he called me a faggot". Good thing you pulled out "homophobic". If I call you a retarded nigger faggot would you also call me racist?  If you weren't so predictable this would be fun.
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
Haganah, Irgun and Stern Gang massacres in villages such as Dawaymeh, Sa'sa and Deir Yassin were horrific to the extent that babies' skulls were cracked open, men were killed and women were raped and burned alive in front of their families. #GroupPalestine  #قروب_فلسطيني URL
It's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay. Because I doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if "being white" in the U.S. will be perceived as a problem.  The very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist. But the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts.
You should be okay with blowing your mother you nasty fucking whore she'll probably like it too cuz your mother is probably a nasty fucking whore
That we rape women al the time
Iranians will become extinct.
@DanPatrick you are a sad lying sack of shit, Fuck you and your king @GregAbbott_TX, Like fuck both you and your thoughts and prayers, Dumb bags of racist white supremecist pieces of shit.
These assholes should be tried and executed if they try this shit in the USA.
Lol stfu nick "stupid white boy" wright. Shaq and the orlando magic may have beat up jordan's bulls in the 95 playoffs but jordan went back and got his vengeance against them the next year. Stop discrediting one of the greatest legends you bron bron black cock suckin' piece of shit. Your father should have ejaculated you on the fucking toilet when you were a shit ass sperm. Fucking white trash bitch ass dweeb. Go suck your mother's hideous tits. ,.!..
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Yall bitches be groupies to niggas that be in my dms lol lame
I punched the jews because it raped Ukip.
Do these sick fucks just sit around with a jug of acid waiting for a woman to piss them off?  They should be waterboarded with acid , eye for an eye , right????
>he consumes the liquid Jew  It's already too late for you
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
Wow. Totally different circumstances.
Lil freak she suck the whole dick
It's wild to me niggas really bouta be in South America
1. He used a small piece from this 2. A cypher is a freestyle in hip hop, always has been.
You are the biggest fucking faggot on this planet...
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
tom watson and sally albright are so anti Semitic if they had a baby they'd be legally required to name it Hitler URL
@RedRhettU I was playing Xbox and I was matched against this toxic 10 year old. I asked him how many chromosomes he had. He said: "more than you". I love 10 year olds who act hard on Xbox.
These women hate their country?  They should try growing up in another country. Shameful spoiled women
go suck a dick u shit stain
If you were an Arab u wouldn't get that cuz the write from the right to the left...
was nice before all of em went bat shit insane and invited all the Mexicans to take over.
Omar is a terrorist go back to the shithole she came from
If I had a son and he turned out straight I'm sneaking into his room at night and showing him what good dick feel like
Keep fucking this Bible up!
@YourMusicWhore Shut up nigger
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
The DOE's "racial equity" agenda will cut Asian enrollment in NYC's top schools by 50% in order to make room for less qualified students with darker skin color. In the past, these schools have produced 14 Nobel Laureates. By @dennisjsaffran URL
Drove 600 miles to the boarder to kill as many mixed and brown people as possible. This isn't mental health, it's terrorism. URL
Mike should be ashamed of himself! He calls himself an evangelical Christian, hes a racist and race a terrible Liar for a daughter!!!
Then you're literally forcing Jews into ovens. Which is a lot worse than what the Nazis did.
##Who cares? ##Protect yourself with a Rifle and let them transgender themselves to death.
Send Trump back to Germany or Scotland or whatever planet he came from.
URL Every church should be burned down. Every. One. IDGAF.
Yes. They shouldn't be incarcerated, just sent back to wherever they came from.
Pff. Bitch ass slut ass whores.
Go Islam destroy Whole Amirca
Misogynist women are the worst...
The limousine liberal Jews and WASPs who want to assuage their white guilt.. SJW maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me; bullshit wack monotheist Judeo-Christianity values that's I'm suck when I leave Chinatown
Pretty pathetic lol Use this moment to improve yourself , get fit and dress better and start attracting real women  At least you should know how to fuck that will help
Low IQ blacks. They haven't even invented the wheel down that shithole.
LMAOOOOOOO "c is for Come get this ass" PERIODDDDDDDD
They are all illegal. But daddy USA is vetoing every sanctions, so kiddo Israel keeps doing sh*t.
This shit has to be ironic, I know feminists are dumb, but they can't be this dumb
@AlexGodinezH I understand. I don't not want immigrants but want the illegals deported out and also want to see the laws reformed so helpful immigrants don't become illegal while here
Fuck Saudi Arabia and the camel they rode in on.
+Serpens _ its not Mexicans fault your aunt is a dope fiend, they didnt make her do those drugs that bitch willing handed over her money
I hope you never have suicidal thoughts you fucking worthless bitch.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
You can always tell when football camp back in session. Niggas every post be about god. 2 weeks ago when they were on their 19th day straight bender, sucking on random titties god was no where in their damn mind  god saw you bitch.
I am struggling to not scream at the people I saw interviewed on TV over the past week about why climbing Uluru is ceasing in October, and the garbage comments about their "rights" as Aussies to do so. "Rights" to ignore Aboriginal people?
You guys are such fucking pussies, you know that? Own up to your actions. Stop screeching about how you is good white folk who dindu nuffin, you hypocritical morons. Nobody believes you.
Women in their 20s are the worst creatures on the planet because the entire world kisses their ass. Dont think too much about talking to them. Just put your dick in them and then leave. They aren't worth anything else.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
What a stupid fat bitch
Is that why these Indian fucc bois named Christopher and Jeremy keep calling about credit card fraud and asking for my social security # lmao
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Talentless trash. May a gang of PCP addled negroes assail her Jewish slit with their giant penises.
Hey folks, yo #mama is so #BLM , she shoplifts #samples from stores!
Jews are people, furries are fucking retards who want to fuck dogs. False equivalencies, dog fucker.
china gets nuked into glass. europe becomes a radioactive hell scape from all the shitty chineses nukes that missed their targets or got shot down by america
@BreitbartNews Im guessing the 2 rapists got off easier than her...
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from "god" without question
@OCidess You have a fucking anime avi you kissless weeb. No woman would ever marry you. Give up on your hopes and dreams and die.
Come for us all this is not the United states of American this is the Natizs at work through our own government, you bunch of baby killers & baby molesters need to all be deported & yes it's your own kind doing this to ur own kids not illegals, u jackasses.
Same dude. Love knowing she's out there getting trains ran on her and loving it. Taking so many cocks. God damn I'd marry her in an instant and just watch guy after guy fuck the shit out of her
Bye Bye shitler time for you to return to your handler in Russia
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Bend you over and fuck your ass till I bust then fill up your nice pussy with more of my baby batter
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
At least Trevor Noah is played by an openly retarded black man.
Stop violating our sovereignty Keep the migrants yourself.
Yeah it's kinda fucked because if a guy says that he was fucking his teacher and then rats her out to the police he gets called gay and a pussy like what the fuck its a crime
He's in your ass, faggot
Keep your mouth shut fag ass bitch. White boy down
You people are full of !!! What is " White supremacist propaganda "? If one person writes something you'll cover it?? Going to try to make people think it represents TRUMPsupporters or white people??
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Are you the kind of guy who keeps telling himself you're alpha because even though "your girl" fucks other men she comes home to you?
: WOW THAT'S JUST LIKE THEE AMERICAN FAMILY...WILL BLAMES HIS WIFE FOR HIS SON BEING GAY....NAW DUDE YOU ARE THE HEAD OF THE HOUSE HOLD....GOD IS GOING TO JUDGE ALL THIS MESS.... REPENT NOW JESUS CHRIST YESHUA HAMASHIA IS COMING....LOV YOUR SIS IN CHRIST.
@tonyposnanski Send that brother f*cker back to her shithole country!!
honestly fuck that bitch for fighting in front of her little boy like that, fucking DIRTY is what you are
Whatever weak ass lmao what a bunch a pussies this generation is with ya 20 fucking genders, weak ass views on discipline and sensitive cry baby attitude.
With pleasure, let's meet in particular place in Germany where they purged degenerates like you.
What a dumb hoe
shut your dumb dumb, bubble gum, google chrome using, chromosome collecting, sister pussy fucking, daddy dick sucking, faggot ass up.
> Thinking that all women are whores who will do this is wrong Yet it is still your safest bet. Women are fucking terrible. That's why they all hate each other. You'd hate them, too, if you didn't want to ram your cock in-and-out of them.
Niggas be smart w bitches in the stash
Your a dumb ass you cant fight lol pussy do something about it pussy be for i fuck your mom homeboy
@ STRAIGHT GIRLS AT DRAG SHOWS would you go up to cis girl on the street and touch her titties? no? then what makes you think it's okay to touch performers like that
White people think they're some kind of god, making up entire countries and shit
I would go straight for Racist and blow that fucker right out of the water! Boom!
So Racist, Why cant Mulan be Black for a change ??
@beepbooplettuce If I was a little bitch you'd be masturbating over me cus ur a nonce stupid ass hoe
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
This makes me want to gay bash myself.
What a salty cunt lol. Keep preaching for shit heads to keep breeding and halting western civilization from moving toward. Chances are we won't miss your 300 pound ass. Kys.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
who else racistly thought hes indian he can handle the spice
Oh, I see. You've suffered abuse and therefore are triggered by the subject and your prefrontal cortex shuts down because you can't handle the stress. I see people do that a lot.  But where we're at now, is I've just told you that I wasn't insulting you and I was using the word the way it was actually designed to be used and even shown you more respect than you've been willing to reciprocate; yet here you are, still outraged. Even going as far as to say I must be a child beater. Stop being such a faggot, dude.
@Andy Kerekes Go back to Israel
your fucking stupid virgin troll
gay people should die
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Demonic p.o.s !!!! 100% disgusting, vile, Satanic WHORE. Has nothing at all going for her other than her attention-seeking sex filth. Pathetic.
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
I hope your gf finds out & chops your dick off.
I usually give people the benefit of the doubt, but considering that I'm looking at r/Minecraft, and "you sound like a millenial faggot who goes to starbucks every day" "Prob another illegal. Send them back to the shithole country they came from" "Yeah, beat the shit out of the kid like they did in the old days. Use a belt too, OP." "Oh so you WANT to get attacked by sand niggers? Good to know" "Shut the fuck up sensitive nigger" I don't think that whatever you said or posted fit their content or standards.
Fck that bitch
I made ur bitchboi u/Ohdeerlordman finally join his brother in hell, where him and all the other US Crusaders wait being tortured by demons, soon u will join after u finally drop below 300 pounds u fat fucking PIG!!!!oink oink bitch
FUCK THE CUNT SQUAD AND FUCK ALLAH.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
I will do when your missionaries leave everyone's else front doors alone
bruh thats gay
Who the hell on earth do you think you are to destroy Hindus or Catholics?? Shameless termites like you would perish to dust in even trying to touch the Humanity. Parasites like you should be thrown out of my land... URL
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
@_dralaterdzo This asshole needs to be deported.
Wtf is with all this gay shit already ? FUCK ALL THOS GAY SHIT
lmao it's misogynistic in itself to think i was calling you a dumb bitch simply bc you're a woman,but that's incorrect i'm calling you a dumb bitch because you are in fact a dumb birch
i dont care about the "natives". They should either integrate into normal society. stay the fuck off in the woods or die
In places like China, females are murdered in the womb because of their supposed burden on society. It's estimated 160 million women are missing. In many places, Down's syndrome has almost been completely "eradicated". Not by solving anything but by murdering children with Down's syndrome in the womb. In New York, more black children are murdered in the womb than are born. Planned parenthood was founded by racist eugenicists.  There's well over 17 million abortions worldwide this year. How "insane".
Kevin you are a fat, stupid, cunty, whore, dumbass, nigger who is a sad prick and tries to be cool. This woman has the balls to post on r/roastme. I would love to see you make a post on r/roastme you nigger
Says the child of immigrants who does nothing but comment a million times on a 3min video about National Socialism. Go back to your homeland. No one wants you here.
What the actual fuck is wrong with you bimbos? Get a grip on your lives and stop getting fucking animals. Trashhhhhhhh.
What a Fing POS . I bet he mostly planted it on color people.
Women are trash 2.
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now fucking take it, cry all you want that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boipussy apart he'll only stop when he is done & shoots his huge load deep inside. URL
go back to your ghetto you worm infested commie mongrel pig katua madarsachaap inbred retarded katalund jihadi randi ke pille gutter dweller
We in Israel feel sorry for you ... It is sad to see people so dumb who pray for a dry Jewish mummy who died 2,000 years ago and think she will wake up ... If this is your God you are really miserable ... Your God is dead bleeding and crying on the cross like a hysterical 5 year old girl .. He cried to to get help ... To himself he could not help .. So he will help you? If I were you I'd feel sorry for yourself.
Lol y'all pro lifers are complete psychopaths. Even if god was real I'd slap his face with my dick
@BBCNews Ya crack em. Chase em out. Knock em down. Be right brutal. Confiscate passports. Lock em in nasty cells long enough to mess up their jobs. Serious high bail. No mercy. Make it so they don't dare show up. Nobody wants them. Bunch of idiot losers.
@SaithAbdullah99 Its your fault that you expected humanity from Indians.
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
I bet your mouth could suck the cum right out of my balls! All over your huge fucking tits!!!
holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
Stop sending Messico aid money. Stop selling Messico anything made or grown in the US. Then Build The Wall and ignore them. With any luck they'll have a revolution and kill most of their population off!
@dbongino @dochartdc This is cold and possibly sick but I believe these bastards that come to America to kill should be tried and if found guilty hung by the neck at the border for others to see.
filthy gay fucks URL
I NEED to swallow every fucking inch of your cock - what else is my throat cunt for? #FaceFuck #Slut #BlowJob URL
Yes they. You took away christian beliefs and freedoms cuz it hurt your fuckin feelings. Now you just want to stomp out freedom of religion and speech at the same time protesting for nothing
I'm going to hell for laughing when he fell in the concrete. Lmaooooooo. Leave my hard working Mexicans alone  URL
These fucking racist white men need to get death penalty all of them. They're rotting the Country those sick fucks. Not even a month later and guess what another "White " shooter but yet Hispanics , immigrants and blacks are the problem ??!! Smfh I'm so angry. #ElPasoShooting
"IM THE BLACK TUPAC!!!" This shitbag should be rotting in jail
They kept telling me go to sleep  niggas hate to see me up  URL
It doesn't matter who is president. these police still out here killing unarmed black men like its nothing. fuck this racist ass country i would never fight and die for this shit hole.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
"Shut the fuck up you retarded little 9 year old!"
Those who are not happy with America should leave. Omar is a thousand times better off in America than that shithole country she came from yet all she does is complain. What a waste of votes and those who voted for her are just plain IDIOTS.
Illegal immigration is a misdemeanor, dipshit.
This is sexual assault. He need his dick cut off and to be in JAILLLLL. Also he might need to be shot.
Racism makes white Women age so badly. She looks like a stale cigarette butt #katiehopkins URL
Bet you wish this phat ass was sitting on your pathetic loser face. $end #tribute while you stroke your tiny useless dick #findom #femdom #ass #facesitting #cuckhold #sissyboy #humliatrix #homewrecker #blackmail #420domme #spoiled #bratty #cuckhold #fincuck URL
I propose a genocide of annoying boys
F*CK THEM NO DEAL NO DEAL F*CK YOU IRAN F*CK YOU NO DEAL DUMB F*CKS LIKE YOU IRAN CAN STARVE MOTHERF*CKERS STARVE
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
@mattgaetz Fuck you Matt. You're a racist asshole who these terrorists look up to for your hatred of those with brown skin. So eat a pile of shit.
With all the problems facing America today this is what is top of the list?? Anti-Semitism?? less them 2% of the population in this is the highest priority?? As to the board brush expression which stops any debate on the amount of Financial Support we give Israel, and the Fact that Apac is a foreign agent unregistered any discussion is stopped by "you are Anti-Semite " this will bring far more anger then help !!!
It actually is built from our old Slavic symbol KOLOVRAT of our pagan god perun or piorun depending where you are from. Still seen in Slavic nations as an representative of our culture but this particular recreation of it is used by dumb fucks who should be put down and got some gay Nazi shit going on and probably fuck their family members.
When our world goes to shit im killin this dumb bitch for supplies. U know how to shop but u couldnt defend ur home from a termite
#sissy sluts should be locked in #chastity
lol thot acts all loving yet tries to go out with him once a day....
Okay nigger now go watch some gays putting penises in their mouths, or better yet, someone to put it in your mouth so you can shut up
Muslims are responsible for the modern 0-based math system, the world's first hospitals, coffee, universities. These are off the top of my head. If you sincerely hold to your beliefs, stop using all of the above. Since I know you won't, go get an education instead you fuckwit.
Fuck all Christians, they should all be locked away in mental hospitals for having a close and personal relationship with a figment of their imaginations.
Hey asshole i wrote "fake JEWS"
Should i fuck you with your burkha on or first rip it off
Guess what... I'm gonna go take a box of chalks and I'm his honour I'm gonna draw a pepe, fuck that school I don't care what happens, pepe is a meme and not a white supremacy simbol
Trump is right. We need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out. And then build a wall so they can't get back in. Then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much.
2019 America is so retarded and gay
She's a piece of human garbage, just like the guy.
With an ass like that I'm for sure burying my face in there, then make you spread that ass so I can slide in there and fuck you and leave you full of cum
Arrest charge Bill Cosby who health isn't the best should have said something when alledge action happened I don't care if threatened my job can get another job When the other man sexual harrasment came out suddenly everyone has been sexual harrased or molested Why not charge a elderly unhealthy may not live long black man then Epstein get off or not much time I'm not racist it's my view That's US justice
@JamariJones_ATL Now we just need Florida to let us do this with all these piece of shit niggers am I right
Jaden exhibits all of the characteristics of a gay Psychopath. Fact. Millennial Icon.
coloured people continue to jump through hoops for white people that don't care about them. embarrassing.
This brain dead cunt
​ Judah Son How does learning about a religion given to enslave us, create wars, scam black people help us? If we learn about the origin of our greatness we may just wake the fuck up! You spent hrs talking about damn space ships and shit. lol
Why is it that people beleive in this but when GOD is used in it? I guess people really do beleive in GOD but they dont want him. I have seen many healings and miricals in Christian Circles yet people dont beleive. Fear of GOD is good.
The women laughing are trash. Fuck all of you. URL
but the question is.... are algerians allowed to say the n word
Mods ban anyone asking if Isis tried to recruit me, I am sick of this shit do your fucking jobs and get rid of them REALLY TAWK
"Haha fuck you stupid white boy mayo crackers fragile pieces of shit go fucking die lmao" "N-" "HOLY FUCKING SHIT. FULL STOP, YIKES AND OOF, LET'S FUCKING UNPACK THIS SHIT."
Why go to there? I hear there are all kinds of aliens on the Mexican border.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
deport this white trash
Dead don't come up to me tryna me funny with that forced ass New York accent talking abt some "deadass b on my timbs" soo dayroom  URL
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
In case y'all forgot, last time yall had an opinion we told you to get fucked and we proceeded to kick your ass back in 1776. Y'all keep fuckin round it's bound to happen again with your fairy ass. Worry about takin your Syrian refugees we will worry about America URL
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@DaveGander @3YearLetterman @TitaniaMcGrath If you said this shit while at practice id deck you and deliver a devastating downfield block on your mom
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Israel will fight Iran to the last American soldier! They are moving the threads behind the scenes make no mistake about it!
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@MBuhari You should talk to your animal in skin clothing gun welding kinsmen who are sending men away from their farmland by killing and raping our women and taking our lands by the guns to cease doing so for us to be able to go back to farm. Heartless religious bigot
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
I'm bout to slap the df out this bitch ass Nigga
Your gf is a dirty fucking gypsie cunt, YOU get the fuck out of here scum
Death to catholicism. Should be legal to shoot them.
I hate thirsty dick riding bitches when it comes to my boyfriend like baaai
Nigerian women are so bad in bed, Lesbians are cheating on each other with men. You hate to see it URL
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Hey Klan don't you have a KKK cross burning to attend?
Shut the fuck up you dumb bitch.
I want his enormously fat ass and big white dick all to my self! URL
Seems like Brits are great at ruining countries. Indians learned from you guys too, we are ruining our country as well
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
men are so ugly and gross i wish u would all drop dead
This nigga did not take a picture of Jesus Christ
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
I agree, girls are lame thats why i prefer girls with pps
What makes it even interesting is that, they love to change their flag to some other country and pretend to be one of them.  Honestly, I'm really disgusted by their attitude and upbringing in life.
''whatever your background we stand together''. " We have a great future " No we don't. Racist china and racist japan has a future.
Anyone know where we can buy a squadron of planes and or tanks? RPGS? FIRECRACKERS? Any military vets out there willing to share their knowledge and expertise of the battlefield? Is there anyone out there???? Why have we allowed the Asylum escapees to rule OUR world? These things running our world... foreskin eating pedophiles. Psychopaths. Sociopaths. These things are human. Not demons. Just simply , greedy , lowlife , white ,anglo saxon parasites. Throw in a Jew , Jesuit , Catholic or Christian here and there... It's people doing shit to people.
Did she really try to say in 2019 that being raised by women can make u gay?!! Like can all the straight males from single mother households please confirm this isn't true like ffs I lost brain cells listening to that woman
Impeach the motherfucker / send her back Trump is a Nazi/ send her back All trump supporters are racist/ send her back Trump is going to put gay people in camps/ send her back Trump wants a white country/ send her back Trump hate brown people/ send her back People are mad.
Get yo ass back in line w the rest of the hoes smh. Wasting my time n shit
Shit... I'm supprised that the Chinese cops didn't take a page from American police. Our police will 10 out of 10 times disguise themselves as "protesters" and start shit, like burning down buildings or fuck up the town just to create an excuse to use tear gas and forcibly shut down a legitimate peaceful protest.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
You patriarchy princesses can't even justify your own humanity without mentioning the feminism you hate. The patriarchy is dragging you in that tweet, and you wish you could stop it but you hate feminism.  Face that patriarchy prince squarely and leave feminism out. URL
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
As a fellow Mexican/Colombian apart of the Latino/Latina/Latinx community i dont want this Puta and she is not accepted in my community, I'm passing this bitch onto The North Pole and the Polar Bears can eat her DumbAss
it b the bitches that i don't even KNOW that hate me the most
@SeanErikAuthor @MyMissKylie Just like witches at black masses.
Oh fuck off, and American crimes abroad don't count? Dipshit over here getting hard to the idea of civilians getting bombed. Eat shit
I think yer a faggot
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Meanwhile crazy mayo is shooting up nigs
Shut yo bitch ass up nigga, you sound like you know nothing about basketball. And you're from fuck nasty ass TX, keep that same energy next Hurricane bruh.
I hate these people with a passion hey. They're worse than homophobes
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Ana Foxx Gets Filled With White Mans Cum @Whitelover69 URL
King JamesIX ok king James weeb ur life is literally worthless u little black slave nobody loves u and literally I bet u are a virgin that's so sad lmao because u have no friends at school and eat lunch in the bathroom that's how sad ur life is like nobody likes u actually
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
fuck america and israel and russia
All those women look like slithering snakes, along with some of those men. they have zero wisdom and do not have any respect for The Almighty God whom they will all kneel before!!!
It's actually because men need to be funny to hook up with women. We train to be funny, whereas a lot of women comedians think people should laugh just because they are on stage and the audience should be supportive. If you aren't funny, we aren't going to laugh. I've heard great female comedians, but it's not hard to see why there are more male comedians. Girls don't need to be funny to have sex.
ugly whore
Would like to see less of this mediocre girl that reddit indulged their pervert boners over because they were introduced to her portraying a 16 year old. Thanks.
Time to light there asses up with the microwave weapons. Come withing 100 ft of the border and boom a fever of 140 degrees.
@JealousCloud Bro.. he gotta be autistic
Mayos are trash, blacks aren't. There's your answer
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
These illegal aliens are destroying the United States. We need very strick imigration laws and they need to be strictly enforced. Anyone caught hiring or aiding an illegal should faxe felony charges with minimum mandatory prison time.
Em is sucha stupid lesbian like ew stop, ur uglyass shouldn't even be on my tl. Ur so full of yourself, get a job and kill yourself u uglyass bitch
Fucking fagot burn in hell
@ayy_mamichula @kaden_spinelli @lexxynicole23 @Beaukayy He's talking about evidence of him paying 85k to murder young black men, dipshit
bitches are so grimy like y'all disgust me
I would, then fucking wreck that chick.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
If you're an adult and still believe in some sky god you haven't matured at all. Fuck your stupid religion. URL
If I have no relationship with the pregnant women, she deserves no special treatment from me
Catch them and cut their balls off, Yankee, Mossad bastards
LMAOOO "It WaS pReGnAnt" I'm convinced Americans are the stupidest breed of mankind. URL
Fuck the leftists cucks even the rogan fan boys
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
Ru a TERRORIST?  when will you bomb Iran? Soon? Pray tell YR plans to kill Iranians
There is no Isreal. Isreal is Africa.
Is this fake ass thug who ain't none but a phony pussy punk fucking serious right now?! Light skin Lil Wayne Really?! Lol what a bunch a bullshits
So, two terminators had a little argument over who caused the traffic accident and then sarah conner comes and kills the male terminator because she's a lesbian.  Sounds like a good lesbian porn for me.
He should definitely be deported but I dunno why people are blaming 'lefties' or whatever, I bet if he was poor and black or something he'd be deported. His family probably has money
We'll break the slut and turn her into a mindless cock whore cum dum'
We need sterilization of 3rd world countries, until they come into the 21st century.
This makes no sense, this is stupid. As a bisexual person, I will give all hetero people a pass to make as many gay jokes/lgbt jokes as they want. I feel like the moment you make anything offlimits to jokes that's not a national tragedy its just retarded.
#NewYork #PublicSchool Holds Moment Of Silence For #terrorists #HAMAS. This Is Outrageous ?ᄏ HAMAS Is A Terrorist Organization!!! What Is Going On In Our Schools?! Now in our #Congress as well @Ilhan @RashidaTlaib URL
Be forewarned! I am going to stand in the corner and BANG MY HEAD AGAINST THE WALL until you stop migrants from trying to enter our country. If you don't do anything about it I will BANG MY HEAD EVEN HARDER until you comply! Numbskull.
Imagine being such a faggot soyboy you think self defense is a fucking hobby. These people are a joke.
They're also none as Fat Faggot Treats, per Louis CK. "Not to be taken in a homophobic context".  URL
Why all these queer celebs doing collabs
@PeterSweden7 Doesn't matter how much kosher circumcised dick you suck. They're still gonna call you a Nazi and flood your country with refugees from their shitty wars
Fuck you mean, if someone cheats that bitch is getting hit right in the tits, and trust me that shit hurts like hell. We go hard out here, no time for pussy shit.
Mothafucka dont even know how to pronounce " el " Cmon now. I understand rogan not being able to, but this other mofo is latino. All these so called latinos losing their roots. Or lost all of them already. Sad
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
what a fag
Dead ass, that Ordes Speaks nigga and his WHOLE frat needs to be in jail.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
What the fuck. Way to make women feel welcome in this sub guys...
gay people should die
SHOOT tRUMP and every DUMBFUCK american.
Hey I know a bunch of muslims that want to ass rape you, and then hang you from a telephone pole.
@BrexitPartridge @BeddoeRoger Islam is to blame & a huge number of Muslims who are the enemy of this country. Had they not been let in we would not be talking about a woman who is complicit in mass murder. If she is to go anywhere it is the Hague with her husband. Any lawyer defending IS should be disbarred.
Why does the little faggot have Warriors tattoos in the first place? Rappers used to be cool street dudes. Canada has a half black jewish child actor singing rapper midget faggot. Weak.
Fembot TLGBT function - Eliminate all Alpha males and induce soy consumption.
"Gas the fucking Jews" - gaydolf bimler
What was that incoherent babble from the black woman?
When you go to the grocery store, shop around the edges because that's where you can find fresh produce, dairy, proteins and exits for when a white supremacist enters with an assault rifle to kill you in cold blood.
I for one do not like it at all; opinions on this sub are mixed. I guess I'd say that if you weren't disappointed by BoJack's most recent season, you might like Tuca and Bertie.
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
May Allah bring destruction upon India, filthy country. URL
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
Please keep smacking bitches
I feel like guys who watch this and gets satisfaction out of it, has small dicks...
Get a life bitch.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
I'd pull your hair while I fucked you up the ass — You probably have a micro-penis, it wouldn't even fit lol URL
Please read this article if you are not already aware of the risky mass migration of Eritreans. This is to everyone. URL
Y'all gassing these twitter bitches just for another nigga to nut in them
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
That is ok we can bring the bastards here put them in jails and when they finish the sentence DEPORT THEM GREAT!!!
This guy trying to be "macho" is just ridiculous, he is gayer than me.
iran is a shithole country
she is retarded stupid feminist manspreading is a thing that people with balls need to do she is a retard
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
get back in your basement white incel!
These guys should be punched in the junk repeatedly to ensure that they never reproduce.
Pakistan was found on the basis of Two Nation Theory  Pakistani Entertainment Channels are promoting Indian Culture While We have our own Identity, our own Culture  #PEMRAStopVulgarity URL
@ElSmusso It doesn't work in tennis either because men don't play women. The point I'm making is there is a difference between men and women's play, and the revenue they generate, which is why there is disparity in their pay in soccer.
Marvlus Bredfish Closet case, closet case! Bcuz there's only two peeps in the world, faggots, and repressed faggots.
I hope Japan gets nuked again for spawning weeb shit
Migrant Boat Smuggler Decapitates Passenger with Knife and Throws Head Overboard for Drinking His Juice URL #SmartNews
Nuke the fucking bastards!
Fucking terrorists
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
This is the belief of Muslims.  And This is our message to every enemy of Islam.  #لبیک_غزوہ_ہند URL
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
Homos rape kids and spread AIDS
They were race traitors who got what was coming to them
yo boyfriend a bitch, he shoulda been a dyke.
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
youre a fat faggot lol you got banned from the madlib board bitch nigger
@Fritz Kobe Foaking Philippine cowards without balls, only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock, coward.
i'm badder then you bitches  , oh and fuck you too my sloppy seconds
Do you think she went to all the trouble of surgery and recovery just to turn on a white boi?  She did it for the chocolate  URL
Faggy mcpoopydick by utter tits
No, it's because you're an incel LMFAO
This fucking thumbnail is gay so are you guys u fucking fags
Women who advocate for socialism are telling on themselves so badly They don't want to want to be free of the patriarchy  They want the patriarchy, in the form of the State, to take care of them
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
All these crazy religious fuckheads trying to shut down abortion are like apes trying to destroy fire because it burns to the touch
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
when she want your penis so bad she keep succing after you nut.
Fake and faggy*
this is so fucked. why would ANYONE do this to this poor girl. i wanna fucken burn them ugly fat bitches to death SLOWLY URL
I ain't forget y'all hoes was calling yourself medium ugly for some attention
Guys are made of 100% Grade A Bullshit
You're fucking disgusting. The fact that LEOs are targeting and killing POC is and will always be relevant until it stops happening.
A child rapist is still a child rapist. A supposed enlightened man of god should have known raping children wasn't okay. I guess his god just conveniently forgot to mention it when he was ordering him to go out and rape men and women who weren't Muslims to insult and degrade them. Don't give me that stupid shit. Islam 100% encourages rape.
Pakistanis must know that another wave of terror has been launched by the enemies through PTM/TTP/ISIS.. If you attack Pakistan army by any means, then be ready to be slaughtered like this by the Indians, Israelis, Khawarij and the Americans.. Watch this closely & then decide. URL
im ,i hate black people and minorities
@BDUTT You have lost relevance. Out of curiosity, why are you so in love with Pakistan?
@debbiejustdoes Exercising Black Privilege. They're only race in the world that had another race build them shit they couldn't possibly build for themselves even over the next 1000 years — FOR FREE — & then simply replace it when they get triggered & burn it. Old habits die hard. So will they
@123oblivion @BBCWorld Who told you that? Your colonial era xenophobic racist vintage of a grandfather? Ask him who paid his bills. Most probably the loot from India. Or you just live in the basement with an internet connection?
bitches don't kno how to keep a nigga so they fuckin any nigga tht got a lil money!
that fag is gonna cut hit hand off soon
Black peple are not cool they need to work
you know whats annoying? feminists who feel its needed to go to the extent of creating massive double standards and screwing over men then calling the men sexist cunts for trying to defend themselves HOES MAD
"Baby dad material" because he's black and you want mixed kids called Jayden.
The sexy kind and the slutty kind.
Ugandans are so mean.. Even a follow back hurts them URL
They should have executed the pile a trash rapes and kills women and sends drugs into America no trial just a bullet in the head
Uhh yeah I would like to vote these niggas THE ABSOLUTE FUCK off the island STAT! Take them away Jesus. URL
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
yeah there seem to be lot of this type of ppl in d.gg, in your opinion what should we do to these racist ppl ? [2016-04-01 12:31:44 UTC] TCMBrokenbutt: >be me >live in niger >niggers steal your stuff all the time DaFeels [2016-03-05 20:24:06 UTC] TCMBrokenbutt: BetaBomb Nigger PEPE [2016-03-05 20:26:03 UTC] TCMBrokenbutt: >Sneaky nigger [2016-06-05 12:35:24 UTC] TCMBrokenbutt: cause she needs that dick nigger
Step 1: Rape women all the time Step 2: Dicks fall off from rampant STDs Step 3: Bask in the dickless glory
Now put this worthless immigrant trash to death.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
What can be expected from a country where people shit on the streets? Indians are disgusting creatures, their country needs to be nuked to kingdom come.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
PUT YOUR PUSSY ON THE OHONE COWARD URL
Paki guy showing the energy with which he gonna fuck you if he ever met you. Then he cums a fountain. URL
What can you do when people are like "I am angry, let's try the other guys with their camps for the brown guys."
Fuck you you Nazi! Your mother was a cum-dumpster and I hope you drown in that stench as I set fire to it! Eat the rich! (obligatory /s)
Get a load of this faggot.
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
I'd put my nutz on that chin. Haha But on the real though. A bj from her would be like slapping your balls on a brick wall.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
I fucken hate The nasty Arabs. I hope that dog has the coon dune hurting. That camel hockey looks like a pice of shit.
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Minorities? Eat shit cunt.
These are fucking Indian , these are mother Fuckers
@Shanarra_ You understand that the bible was written by MEN right.. and they weren't ghost writers for god.. Have you even read the bible and some of the nonsense, insane shit that those HUMAN MEN say is wrong or right?
Need to evac all the smart Whitey's first then drop a couple nukes
Go suck the lispy queer's dick
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
But mulan wasnt a good fighter in the Disney movie. She got by on her brains and help from friends. This is just going to be another Libtard Women = power men = toxicity movie. Fuck disney.
@iamPakhiverma @TheJohnAbraham Instead of our soliders people like Bhatia or call him ghatiya should leave him on border and ask pak army to kill these bastards in cross firing.
@XinorfOrion just say you hate black people and POC to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
He's making isis jokes. If anyone else said that on youtube they'd be under fire by everyone, but jimmy buttface over here can say whatever he pleases.
Nuke the whole of the Middle East that'll help.
@lanitas_kitchen 5 fucking mins is too muthafuckin long! Give @slysinzu muthafuckin 47seconds and that peppered turkey's IP wld be tracked to his small intestine! Nigga is a certified HYENA in nupe clothing
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
Go to hell you digital spic.
Shut the F up Queers
We aint gone ever be free, as long as their are women willing to incubate sorry ass niggas and their trash behavior.
To answer OP's question, phony ass SJW shills like these three, pretending like transgender people are normal. That makes me cringe.
Shut up bitch? deported where she is American you hick
Her 16 assailants should have their bodies burned to 100% and allowed live life as limbless bodies in the streets of Bengladesh. Death is too good for those wastes of sperm and eggs.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Theocrat bitch
ITT: Cunt spits in Ape Retard's face Ape Retard pries door open, knocks Cunt unconscious, kicks Cunt's head into concrete, and screams "nigger" three times while evading the scene. What the fuck, Ape Retard needs to be charged
THE WHITES GETTING MAD IN THE REPLIES SKEJKSKDKD WHY DO YALL WANNA BE OPPRESSED SO BAD
Bring it on Iran, we'll turn y'all into a desert classic: "The Desert Camel Open"
What do you expect from tranny extremists?  There double crazy.
Man shut your dick riding bitchass up already....
Bitches can't brag on shit but a nut whew you hoes could never bother me dirty bums
Where the fuck is there god when they get arrest? Huh you stupid religious bitch
Fundamentalist Islamic extremist "leaders" wanna call everything "haram" like celebrating birthdays and listening to rap b/c "the prophet didn't do it" well if you wanna live like him then quit driving your fuckin BMWs and living in mansions- ride a fuckin camel and live in a hut
Comfort women. The rape of Vietnam. Korean army crime.  URL
gay people should die
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Lot of MGTOW's I see
+ActsisMMLJ CorrectlyObeyed  That's all white people know is violence - You are even planning Civil War 2 Endgame to kill each other off - Oh civilized one. We don't need to come to your farm - We'll just wait until you kill each other or Trump finish your asses off - We have waited 400 Years - We can wait a few more and keep enjoying the Trump show - This country deserves Trump - He's kicking your asses hard. Farewell America.
gay people should die
Not sure what a Mehicano is, maybe a Mexicano if thats what you meant? Anyway id bet you have no brown friends and you live in the boonies fingering your sister. Go back to Europe puto!
Had to unfollow my middle school bestfriend for being a hoe ass redneck cracka chewing that dip really change a person URL
oh that's cute. you didn't even read the thing you claim to support. there is nothing biologically inherent in women that would make them less adapt to do it work. thinking so does in fact make you 'crazy stupid'. sorry!
Simple solution, she's a thot so you must eradicate her
@ericswalwell Dude, you definitely wear your wife's panties atleast 5 days a week. Just sayin. You are the most beta cuck of cucks ever created. You're the kid in school that sat alone because you creeped everyone out. When you fart, I bet $ it smells like jizz and latex. Have a goodnight
Strangle those hoes
anti zion, okay then you islamic pig, now try fighting the combined forces of the US, UK, and any other nation that would join the battle.
Execute a nigga right across from you.
#THEY ARE KILLING PREGNANT WOMEN IN SUBWAY CARS OPENLY IN HONG KONG FFS
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
Noah only a true faggot would've replied to my comment lol
Dats dat bitch ass Baby Momma right there, im Murder herrr 108 G'z!!! 0:25 YOU DEAD LIL LIZA DA LOSER, FUCK YOU DEAD BITCH!!!
asian girls even only want white dogs. >!then fuck them if no white man around WTF!<
THANK YOU! PRESIDENT TRUMP! YES!!! SEND ALL ILLEGALS BACK TO THEIR COUNTRY, WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF ALL HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS SLEEPING IN THE STREETS, WHILE ILLEGALS ARE ENJOYING GOVERNMENT HOUSING, FREE FOOD STAMPS, FREE SCHOOLS, AND FREE HEALTH CARE. SADLY ILLEGALS ARE KILLING AMERICANS.
Yeah - the Koran is a lie.
@CAF_Online Dirty negros bastards piece of shit
i think it's a catholic priest raping someone
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
That part always fucked me up too, but then it made sense again as soon as I remembered that all hot women are abject retards
watch im gonna get you in truble sex shit fuck ass cun\*t bitch
@AzzatAlsaleem All ISIS fighter and their supporters should be hunted down and summarily executed across the Globe irrespective of their Nationality. Bounty should be laid on the head of each ISIS member killed.
>such as because of low iq, they can't even eat properly for fuck sake Nice troll, at least that's what I'm hoping for because no one can be this brain dead.
Ilhan Omar is an Anti-Semitic, isis spy.
Fucking fagot burn in hell
Gay ass bich
Islamic Sky TV show 'Peace TV' (lolz) faces ban after saying 'gays are worse than pigs' and 'magicians should be executed'. Ah, the strength of that diversity: URL
Jesus christ. He obviously planned on asking this specific girl, and made it barely taller than her, so he could add that on there as a silly joke, do you fucking pearl-clutching modern day Victorians think if she turned him down for prom that he was just gonna fucking rape her to death in her front yard? Goddamn
its ok they can die then becuse im drawing some gay and or tranz shit for every single day of june. eat my ass homophobes. die. you will be forced to look as i rub my cishetphobic characters all over your tag. my city now.
No, because she just lost the Wimbledon Final !!!
im ,i hate black people and minorities
@knowlesjulie67 @shoreytime @australian @georgiedent @bowledgary @RobertOvadia @xhertx @NStottDespoja If only the government didn't listen to feminist who inherently hate women, perhaps this mother would be alive. Domestic violence is about violence and not about gender. It's a shame women like Julie cannot recognise that
Sweden is fucked imagine filling you're country up with a bunch of those assholes from the video. They are going to be fucked in a generation.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
What if... now I'm gonna get crazy here.:. What if it's wrong to say stupid shit like this about rape AND it's wrong to kill your baby?
YOU FUQING RETARD IMA RIP YOUR ENTRAILS AND USE THEM TO HANG YOU BY THE NUTSACK
Vote Trump , Allah will wash you filth out to sea.
Please keep smacking bitches
Right wing nut jobs... Really. I mean really. Go rapture yourselves. Leave the rest of alone. We'll keep the Earth, you can go to heaven. Drink a fucking punch and just go away.
@kjmcm621 @Thomas1774Paine That's perfectly fine! Especially if the politician of color is a member of .@TheDemocrats Party, & the white politician is a member of the .@GOP
@ConservaMomUSA Then go back to where ever you came from and protect & defend your community there and to please Allah & only Allah! Your Allah is none other than the devil himself! Y'all are nothing but a bunch of shit eating dogs anyway!
So Turkish conservatives = based and blackpilled ascended incels?
@BoiUAFool Please fuck her so she can stop
Zenigundam lol pussy. Your video exposes you for the fraud you are. You can't even properly light your stage. You're not messing w a 6'3" 235 lb pro athlete. You're literally a child. Your balls haven't dropped and you can't pee straight.  Are you in nyc? Too bad. I'd invite you to my house so you can smack me up. Pol
USA gets what it deserves. Maybe a few more tornado's, heat waves, desimated crops, floodings etc. will open their eyes. Such arrogance and stupidity. You can't breath money.
Yeahhhhh sorry White Nationalism is kinda fucked up that way.  URL-news/united-states/meet-the-hispanic-white-supremacist-in-southern-californias-alt-right-movement
the first danish woman is so fake and UGLY
Trump is white trash.
@anaaaaluisaaa Bitch shit the fuck up  she a hoe bitch and u can get slapped with them
Africans.... gross. I hope China wipes all of these nasty kni ggers out.
This hateful bitch needs to go to hell with rump.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Omar introduces resolution defending boycott of Israel, likens it to boycotts of Nazi Germany, Soviet Union URL #FoxNews This is a wicked, evil woman! She hates America, Americans, Israel & spews the most vile filth I have ever heard. What a disgrace!
she wants some more cum today, because she surrounded by several men who will fuck her three holes in the chain and cum in her on it is their submissive bitch
Accept your fate as a denied, chastity bitch completely bound and helpless while Mistress @EmilyWillisxoxo drives your locked cock insane! URL - #Chastity #Femdom #FemaleDomination #FemdomPOV #TeaseandDenial URL
Shut up! 50 years ago we'd have you upside down with a fucking fork up your ass! You can talk, you can talk, you can talk! You're brave now motherfucker! Throw his ass out, he's a nigger! HE'S A NIGGER! HE'S A NIGGER! A NIGGER! LOOK, THERE'S A NIGGER!
Nigga lost his eyebrows for sure
That's because you're an American. Your country is fucking batshit crazy to the rest of us. You literally get off on watching people get shot. I could upload an isis beheading video and add a caption that says "this guy was killed for robbing an old lady" and you lot would chuck it straight to the front page and circle jerk about justice. Top comment : "play stupid games, win stupid prizes"
their is many great things a person can do in life and still have a great life with out religion.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
"For every bad b*tch there's a nigga tired of fcuking her" - @JoeBudden URL
These people are not Americans and should not be able to leach off our taxes like this. Birthright citizenship needs to be abolished.
SHIP THEM OUT!!! ALL OF THEM. MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN. NOT A CITIZEN? Here illegally? FU. Blacks and foreigners ruined this country.
HEY THERE faggot faggot kike jew nigger faggot kike Jew nigger Why you sub IQ bruh? Why u no develop your own stable and secure country without the evil and suppressive huwhite man? Y r u GAY? URL
You look like my next little country cum slut !!
Didn't see this joke you fat queer. I know you wanna be an edgelord, but you're probably an anti-vax cunt, so go suck your Dad's dick to cope with your suicidal thoughts. Or just kill yourself in general.
Humanity is weeping under the brutal oppression of india over innocent kashmiris. Shame on modi and indians who claim to be democratic. #StandUnitedForKashmir URL
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
That woman's a stupid fucking cunt. He should've beat her half to death and fully brain dead
Nobody actually wants to watch women doing half the job men can do. Get over yourselves already. Now grab a broom and make yourself useful.
white ppl on 90 day fiance be like im horny come home now or im calling ICE
Yuck bitch look a faggot shemale looking bitch
Looks like that pussy needs to be filled with my cock while my other friends fuck the rest of you
You want white people to like you so bad that you will throw black people under the bus for it. Nothing is more weak, more dishonorable than that. Just look at yourself. Disgusting.
Gosh! You suck . Learn to use coherent emojis. I hope you aren't this bad in bed with your(~~significant other~~)self. I could totally see you masturbating to the thought of sucking your own dick in front of a mirror! (after each post you make here)
Pussy ass hoe could nevaaa
@bprerna Wear hijab and finger inside your ear.  Jai Sri Ram is my recognition, my culture.  You do allahoakbar.... I hv no issue
Who CARES you fucking faggot. Oh no, faggot is a slerr
Yanks are immune to evidence. You could shoot someone right in the middle of time square and it will get ignored. A culture that has normalized violence, mass shootings, pedophelia, racism, xenophobia, homophobia, is not a culture that can be trusted. Can only cry wolf so many times before people catch on to the bullshit yank.
'Grown men don't care about pubic hair' - Stink Pussy Brigade 'Baby i'm grown, i don't care about pussy hair' - Guy who's going to later complain about her stink pussy
Oh yesss! Gonna fuck that bitch mode out of her
An orgy of bloodthirsty racism and inbred stupidity.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Well, time to join Isis ladies and gentlemen.
My second load for today was for the Undies the first load I shot in the hairy ass of @Chris63110DE   #cum #dick #jerkoff #masturbate #bate #gay URL
@seankelly014 @letat_lechat @BriannaWu But you're not advocating for pregnant women. You're telling them they should not be allowed full ownership of their bodies.
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Fuck her up untill she cums atleast 3 times
I really want to fuck that sweet pussy and cum on her face.
Somewhere a white cop is shooter is aiming at an unarmed black male...
ion like y'all niggas y'all be getting on my nerves y'all all the same nigga inna different body
You beat one Vietnamese man almost to death with a lead pipe and drive your car through a Boys and Girls Club and people never let you live it down
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
It rarely abates her misery because women are literally NEVER satisfied, with anything. They could have the perfect dude and still find something wrong.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Just ignore these subhuman trumpists. They all need a bullet in the back of their heads and trump needs to be blown up. Someone needs to bomb the White House and kill malaria and autistic baron
Way to go! put his brown ass in jail for life for just supplying white folks who love to put drugs up their nose in their veins and probably up there ass. He was just meeting the supply and demand market.
"I didn't know that black people were humans and shouldn't be treated like livestock" -The dumbest piece of shit in existence.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
+Dallas  Only ignorants support trump, no disrespect .sorry I forgot the racists also.
Iran's on the list for regime change. Any time now they will create an excuse to justify an invasion of iran just like they did with iraq and libya. People don't realise that this is all leading up to a war with russia and the only people who benefit are the tiny few. The only country on earth who has used nuclear weapons trying to lecture other nations over their nuclear weapons... how pathetic. Tiny piece land with a tiny population controls one of the largest countries on earth... again, how pathetic.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
I heard that she had a baboon vagina surgically implanted...
Sterilize them then deport them
"The US envoy to Israel David Friedman has said that the US embassy in Jerusalem is a 'new shrine' in ancient Jerusalem and Israel's secret weapon is that it is on God's side. Allah (SWT) will make Israel and USA realize one day that they were on the side of Satan. InshaAllah!"
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Easiest way to get rid of these niggas is to tell them that eating food and drinking water is gay. They would all drop dead.
No one wants you Americans  Your there for a reason ?
Aint nobody wearing those new Westbrook "Jordan's" but Mexicans & trailer park trash white girls.
"lyrical" lemonade: bussdown blueface: pUt a HolE iN a NiGGa nOw hE look LIKe A bAgeL
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
"I hope you get raped and more" well shit
I thought was 42, damn guess I was wrong
Niggas so pussy wait till YB get locked up  #nobodysafe fuck u too #4KT URL
I'll vote to cut all gay peoples head that's what America need to do to prevent Americans face judgment day curse God Almighty's. Take all gay peoples out of America wipe them out.
@SuaveNoChico_ @gamer3kers Nothing was said to insult you. LMAO I don't even know you to be insulting you. but "I sEe WhY tHeY oNlY wAnT sEx" boohoo they won't get it lmao idgaf
Yeah that trans fag should just kill himself already.
So fuckin sick how the thought of poor people getting free healthcare makes white america so fuckin mad when they benefited from 400 plus years of free fuckin work !!!!
THE JEWS RULE SOUTH-AFRICA BEHIND THE SCENES JUST LIKE ALL OTHER COUNTRIES THEY OWN ALL THE MONEY THROUGH THE RESERVE BANK SCAM AND THEY CONTROL AND OWN ALL THE MEDIA, MOVIES,TV SO THEY OWN THE RIGHTS TO PROGRAM YOU DAY AND NIGHT. THE JEWS WORSHIP SATAN AND GOD DOES NOT HAVE A COVENANT WITH THEM ANYMORE AND THEY HAVE NO RIGHT TO THE LAND OF ISRAEL THE JEWS ARE THE ENEMY OF ALL HUMANITY WAKE THE F**K UP BRAINWASHED CHRISTIANS!
Someone's been reading too much "black pill" crap. The use of the word "female" in your title is a dead giveaway. Listen to yourself. Have some self awareness. You are poisoning your mind with that content.
@TSHACKtalkZ That nigga dead
Yes this Red Skin Indian Ojibwa Tribe First Nation is ok with it
I had sex with your mom, so she must really hate me.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Fuck a classy hoe ...yeah i still fuck a ratchet bitch
Let's start by deporting (or hanging... I don't care) these mother f'ers! This is PROOF that today's immigrants are VERY different than my ancestors and they aren't assimilating and feel entitled to our country and want to take it over. Get EVERY SINGLE ONE of these POS Mexicans in this video the fk out of our country!!!! URL
More people need to realize this. Fuck India, what a piece of shit.
this week on stupid bitches interprises URL
Wives of Islamic State jihadis STAB GUARDS, STONE AID WORKERS in refugee camp in Syria URL via @pamelageller SEND em to SUNNI WAHAABIST SAUDI, UAE, DUBAI 2be re-educated for "PEACE in ISLAM", & NEVER to enter CIVILISED NATIONS
The next person to lock this comment is hella gay
I want a crazy gf who don't entertain these niggas and kinda mean
wow i look so dumb flaunting this nigga when the whole time he been fuckin someone else
100,000 illegals are pouring across the borders a month. An unknown amount of Paper American anchor babies are turning 18 every day and becoming fully enfranchised. If Texas, Arizona, and Florida don't turn blue in 2020, they absolutely will in 2024.
@Greg G Shut the FrICK up! U librealcOMMIE FAG SNOWFLAKE!
I'd fuck your thick ass curry flavored cunt until I filled your cervix with my fresh hot cum. I want your belly and tits to swell up and give your body a purpose aside from whoring yourself online. I want you to be my little Indian slut slave. You want my thick hard white American dick to put a baby in you?
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
@jahebe @maracuriel1 @unlov3abl3 That bitch retarded lmaooooo
As a meme critic i give it a 9/10 for history relevance and making fun of fit being gay but you los a point because etika is a faggot
What if I said nobody cares about blacks and they should just kill, cannibalizes, rape and murdered each other like the scum they are. Thanks
wanna bitch who gone suck me out my sleep and then suck me back to sleep.
@realDonaldTrump Ladies and gentlemen, the incomprehensibly embarrassing president of the United States.  URL
"Ilhan said, uh, that, um, all blue eyed devils should, uh, be locked in a mosque basement and forced to pray five times a day using a taser until they submit to izlom."
"Tips to prevent rape" = "Rape other women instead"
@RT_com Illegal immigrants dream come true machine... no sea nor wall can stop em now... I bet these will sell like hot cakes across the boarder...
Fuck china, fuck the triads, fuck these police. Fight back and fight back hard, HK.
Ugly hoes really sick in the mind. Get a lil dick and become dick-matized.
SWP #SpicyWienerProductions @WebcamsSpicy @Spicywienerprod Meet NAUGHTYLADYX "u kissing my niples licking me , ur hard cock inside me, #c2c " #cam @ URL #SWPwebcams URL #nsfw #camgirl #MIGirlz #FantasyDivas #Spicysgirls #CB4G #bratpack URL
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
You sound like another sexually frustrated cuck who spends all his time masturbating to live-streams and hating life from the comfort of your parents basement.
FUCK ALL MUSLIMS I MUZZELED YALLS ASS ALONG TIME AGO.
Funny, Kamala is from a family of Jamaican SLAVE OWNERS. Look it up it is all over the internet including a list of slaves owned. Pppppt.
You white people love to kill
HAS TRUMP SEEING THIS. LET ME GUESS ITS A WHITE PERSON... DIDN'T TRUMP SAY MEXICAN PEOPLE ARE A HARM TO THE USA???? WELL APPARENTLY YOUR OWN PEOPLE IS YOUR ENEMY TRUMP!!!!!! IT WAS A WHITE PERSON WHO DID THIS
Well, finally the real development will take place. Some genocide in the name of greater good is gonna happen.. Arnab Swami like journalist are gonna be happiest about developing J&K
Sorry but other than Will, them niggas all look fuking gay.
Japs now eat live animals. Fuck them.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
@Terri Jones ...said the liberal Hollywood bigot who uses the poor, immigrants and people of color, to pass an agenda favored by America's white liberal, racist, pedophilia elite.
Wish I was in Texas. I would flood that pussy
@savannah076 @hoemi1o Shut up hoe mom should've sucked you back up into her vagina
I'd tie her to the bed and fuck her at my own free will cumming deep in her cunt
Get back to the cotton fields nigger
You are an idiot. What is your problem? If you don't have anything better to say then take your sissy ass out of here. Bastard. Your head is full of shit. Faggot. Stupid fool. Look at your moniker, as stupid as you. Male sissy bitch.
What's next Cuban soldiers patrolling Canadian streets?
This is for Rachel, you big fat white nasty smellin fat bitch
The Mexican cartels are murdering a record number of Mexicans, as well as Americans by directing transnational gangs in places like Chicago, and then of course, the fentanyl. So maybe the Mexican gov't ought to sit this one out.
Hoes be slapping on wigs like they fitted caps..
I can't vote for a woman, they're way too hysterical and emotional to be in charge of anything.
"Go and attack the Amalekites! Destroy them and all their possessions. Don't have any pity. Kill their men, women, children, and even their babies. Slaughter their cattle, sheep, camels, and donkeys" Then there is Jephthah, who burned his only daughter alive for God at his command. I wonder how many of these people have read the bible.
2:22 WAIT WAIT WAIT.... "I don't know how guys can do it" The fuck lady, isn't this video made up of 50% women, whom have also said they cheated. Fuck outta here bitch
Suck toes fuck hoes
"Because she's ugly. And terrible. And I hate women.". The best way to combat these Clown-World "journalists" is to just rub their own absurdity in their face.
More antics from the religion of peace thank God the uk is starting to wake up
We ate all illegal people so fuck you
Hate has always one religion which name is #Islam URL
Bitches who stay with abusive men are so stupid like damn bitch I wanna punch you too
Fuck her right in the pussy.
Burn down Christian churches then. They want war, so be jt
"@Silverfoxgranny: #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts"
Imma retweet this everyday!!!!! This is not news you just sweep under the rug these men are fucking y'all babydads, brothers, and cousins smfh URL
I'm not saying everyone, or even a majority do. But I've seen some pretty racist anti Kamala shit. Not to mention some of the racist anti Obama shit that hung around for 8 years. People like that are more prone to be loud, stupid, and make more noise. For that vocal minority, any chance to attack a PoC candidate is euphoric. They're more likely to show up and make noise.
God hates the proud God hates fags
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
What a fucking dipshit faggot.
Ugh those crosses are even creepier in numbers. What gets me is how devout Christians don't realize how insanely cult-y they are. How do they never stop to think about the fact that the symbol of their faith is a pagan torture + execution device? It's no wonder that they discourage questioning things...
I, for one, am not going to let the Sodomites claim the month of June, or any other month, or anything else at all. Pride cometh before the fall.
I'm genuinely concerned that this woman might be mentally ill....
@LEWMARAJJ @Jazmine023 These hoes chime in every time their tiny little egos are bruised!
Get some viva paper towels, clean up that powdery mess carol left on your disgusting sheets and get some zzzs's you nigger turned inside out
@majorgauravarya @SMQureshiPTI These porkie bastards can kill their own by any means just to put blame on India. These infidels r protecting global terrorists, blackmailing all and putting whole humanity to shame. It's high time that India should stop talking to them via PC even. Keep pounding them
Mostly it's crazy white women that are more privileged than %99.999 the rest of the world. And the dumbass men that follow their lead hoping to get some ass.
Exactly! Vans have been used in terror attacks to run over people walking on sidewalks... Ban the Vans??!!! FFS Stop bringing in radicalized people from other countries that were born with a gun in their hands... #PPC2019 #UNExit URL
Oh fuck off, and American crimes abroad don't count? Dipshit over here getting hard to the idea of civilians getting bombed. Eat shit
Straight Pride Parades have a rich history and pageantry URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
*Felony assault charge??? Are you kidding me. This terrorist got away with attempted murder. Yet it was a simple felony assault!* Oh I forgot, he is white!
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Ppl who hit dislike are gay
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Wait I thought you americans always called the middle east barbaric and cruel for its death sentences for murderers
Black people cant take jokes #bigfacts Here come the I'm racist and downvotes proving this sentiment
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
You're asexual because no woman would drop her standards so low. Fuck off you loser.
What an embarrassment America is before the world. A fucking white supremacist banana republic, a gigantic trailer park shithole of rabid morons led by a fat fucking piece of shit.
I'd be too tired at the end of the day to do anything too involved and elaborate. I would See her in that position and walk right up to her, spit on her butthole to use as lube. Then I would wrap my belt around her neck and cinch it super tight sister choking her into the same time fucking her in the shit pipe with with my dick
Well she's a narcissistic cunt so this is to be expected
White people are truly delusional. LMFAOOO URL
Rapper Claims New York City's Proposed Fur Ban is 'Racist' and Meant to Target Black Community URL via @gatewaypundit
@OfWudan All these "zero issue" chicks are giving up the pussy easy to guys like Wudan. Kind of an issue.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Disgusting and soul-less men. Do they have kids of their own? How can he allow such predator on the street preying on people's children and able to hug his kids at night. He should be jailed along with that fucker...
@RajivMessage Unless the Indian elite business families wake up to the globalists mischief, their grandchildren will one day wake up as slaves. Remember you Indian business elites, your billions of dollars are worth zero, if your own country is plummeting and plundered.
Is that what they are teaching Christians these days. Just gaslight people you argue with? How can you not believe in a talking snake, only an idiot wouldn't believe in a talking snake. So glad religion is dying.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
EW UGLY BITCH
Fuck wrong wit these dusty ass bum niggaz?!
Oh now she was a sex slave?  Debbie and Colt suck but Larissa is a self absorbed shallow twat.
Pay me faggot.  #findom URL
your mother would've done better letting you dribble down her thigh. Who'd of thought a man could pump so much stupid in to one cum shot. I'm sure your father regrets you every day of your sad little existence.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
An example of people who need to go back where they came from. Sorry for the innocent people on that flight
Wow... I know girls got it bad but damn these guys make us all look yo fucking stupid
ALERT  Here's Ahlam Tamimi. She's a Palestinian Muslim who killed 16 Jews in an a bomb attack.  Below it, you'll find a tweet by her cousin, notorious terror supporter Janna Jihad, sent from just outside @RashidaTlaib's office on Capitol Hill. We've been infiltrated. -VJ URL
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
these hoes so annoying.
Men are so stupid. They be cheating and gettin girls pregnant. Wtf is up with that? Can you just put a condom on, dummy?????
fucking hell watch me ignore ur whole fucking existence bitch
Beautiful cock. Love to suck and fuck you
Lmao couple of faggots lmao, wow!
The majority of mass shootings are gang shootings but it's black people dying on "shitholes" so they don't matter to white gun control activists
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
King No that's Israel get it right you stupid inbred mexicant
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
3 abortions and you scared to hold my glock in yo purse... bitch you the killa
All you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico!
Let's fix America by transforming it into Mexico. Sounds good right ? We need to get these anti American Congress women out of Congress and deport them to the country they really work for.
Wtf is Muslim I've never heard this word before in my life
ISIS : death to US  Anyone with a sane mind : no u
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
FUCK usa, isis Only do justice
I need to rape and breed that bald lil pussy
I bet its Germans, its always fucking Germans...
What a complete ignorant racist. This woman is a homosexual who supports a Democratic Party that favors Muslims over her . The same Muslims that preach she should be thrown off the highest point to her death.
@RyanHillMI @realDonaldTrump Shut up you fucking faggot
Disgusting sick mentally ill tranny
This is for rachel you big nasty smelling bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch I'm coming outside and I'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch and don't even call the police
Watch: Muslims invade the church attack worshipers and beat the priest in Indonesia URL
Slut sucks cock and gets nut in her mouth URL
Wow what a surprise a problematic male. Stop slutshaming you manazi
Straight up castration should tame those rapey urges no end.
@celeste01r no offense but i can't stand college niggas
THESE ISLAMIC TERRORISTS THUGS SHOULD FACE PROSECUTION FOR INCITING VIOLENCE & THREATENING THE POTUS, OR ANYONE ELSE. THIS THUG IS AN ABOMINATION. LIKE JEZEBEL, THESE JIHADI JEZEBELS WILL BE CAST DOWN INTO HELL.
Y is it ok for aerial to be played by a black person then.
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
anybody that says "The Govt killed NiP" I automatically assume they are stupid its a nigga on tape doing it but mfs still wanna blame white people?? Why aint nobody holding the nigga on tape doing it fully accountable?? White folks will always ask us to kill ourselves....but if you willing to be Shitty Cuz and help the white folks kill black men for a fee or reduced time then I should murk you right now, am I right??
You should stop inbreeding you low IQ shitskin imbecile. Also stop using phrases you don't understand the meaning of, it just reveals your 68 IQ.
Where are the fat, dumb moms that want to leave their family for horse cock? URL
You can rot in hell you stupid bitch
@MariMayi_ @beezybrice Stupid ass hoe
Yeah suck on my fat cock you disabled whore sac of meat lookin ass
TBH found it disgusting, your typical average feminist is vile/repulsive. Even if i were into BDSM i'm not sure i'd want to engage in it with something that hideous.
So disgusted with these socialist/communist women. Who ever took the flag down should be arrested. Or shot when they did it.
I do what I wanna do these niggas love anything they can fuck why bother
Religion, what a waste of time and only used to control those who are easily influenced.
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
You fookin homophobic piece of shit.
Typical homosexual liberal faget comment you're so butthurt from a 2016 elections that it left your permanently brain-damaged like a liberal queer
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Fuck you too bitch slut
Well when u have Zionists in power what the fuck u expect. Study their ideology and maybe all these sacrifices will make sense.
@I love noodles Most Muslims think this way, terrorist apologists who like Sharia Law, that is why most Western immigration departments won't approve them any longer. Don't worry, the UN will never let Iran get nukes before turning that place into the Sahara.  As for Africa, Zimbabwe kicked out the Europeans, now they are starving, South Africa kicked out the Europeans, now they are starving. Neighboring nations offered them free land so they can feed their people... Zimbabwe is begging them to come back.
sorry if I offended anyone with my Hispanic tweet <3 didn't mean to. I guess I just stuck with the definition of it. But it can be bigger than that.
kill yourself tranny lol
Her pussy looks like she gets plowed good!That asshole looks like an unused fucktoy.
China just declared that they are ending all trade with our farmers because your White Messiah is a con man who has taken all of you cult members for a ride. And guess who is gonna be forced to clean your damn mess up? The evil Democratic Party. URL
Bro... She never fucking loved you in the first place. Most women are gold diggers
There is no cure for homosexuality. Because there doesn't need to be.  We can only hope there is a cure for Brexit Party's Anne Widdicombe's ignorance.  #FFS  URL
She sucks dick at sucking cock! Horrible head. Get her the fuck off me.
Here's a new douchebag for you Japan with America's blessings!. You can keep it! I hear it's reusable from multiple sources!. Russia's used it Korea's used it along with the Saudis ! China has used it.! Israel is used it many times. As have the rest. And now this is your douchebag to have and behold!. You are welcome to it. Douche away!.?
You wonder where this radicalized terrorist picked up words like "invasion," and why he targeted brown people? This is on you! We will hold you accountable. URL
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
+Raymundo11 shut the fuck up Europeans rob entire continets wholesale but want to talk about Africans lol return the entire continent of America and Australia you scumbags
No Canadians wtf... you racist fuck go die in a hole... stupid bitch
For starters, I want to put my mouth on her dick right now so she's thrusting into it as she's bouncing on that lucky bastard's dick!
They are 1.2 billion   Let them die n stop them from comming to civilised countryes to shit in the street
So danny your saying its the womans fault if she gets pregnant but the man is innocent..even if he forced himself on to her....shes still the whore and hes just a man..wow hate to think what your father taught you about women..
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
WARNING! I HAVE TO GO BUY ANOTHER FAGGOT DETECTOR BECAUSE OF.. javyerland RUN AWAY!
@SouleFacts @OpIndia_com Why not ask her to leave and take all the Muslims with her.
dont you get it melbourne,people are being drugged and infected into mental illness by the authorities all molestors in your city and its all being covered up and censored,the use of hypnosis on these victims who are clueless is a huge secret,they are tortured into insanity by it
Learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant.
Take that faggot stuff somewhere else.
White supremacy, nationalism, and unchecked male anger are at the root of virtually every mass shooting in this diseased country and until we uproot the source.. it's only the grace of God.
Gotta be a different type of nigga to fuck with KRIT. This facts URL
They're a bunch of insufferable bitches... so most all women
Ugly, hideous, violent murders like this one deserves capital punishment. PERIOD!!!! AND this female will be in death row and not in the general population where she could be in lesbian heaven which would be no punishment at all AND put other women a risk of being killed like she killed her unfaithful girl friend.
@JGroyper Dumb bitch wont do jack shit
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
You need dicks to fuck the assholes otherwise they just shit all over everything.
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Fucking fat sooooooo closet homo just another DUMB shit drug feend go fuck urself white privladge pussy so glad ur dead u boring fat bitch
I am going to rape every child ever to exist and get no punishment and go to heaven -AND NOBODY CAN FUCKING STOP ME
Go fuck your neighborhood whore
Well done trump, he shares same views as we English. We did NOT invite Muslims, Africans and all sorts here! your welcome to leave and go home! God bless amazing president trump for speaking open & honestly. And SHAME on the BBC and its biased crap, we English want a ban on BBC, we hate the BBC and its anti english, anti USA news. Remember BBC are people who had known pedophiles working for them many years, BBC are so far up Islams ass its unbelievable
@CountDankulaTV What a fucking bitch how about we beat her instead. Beat women  not dogs
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
I dont know much about US but some parts of sweden are officially shithole  Our jihadi bros have made sure that no go zones are established and these goras are too cucked to send police there even ! London has actually the highest rate of acid attacks and rapes (much higher than delhi) ! The problems we faced all this time due to jihadis , goras are facing them now
So it's basically the whole of England v Liverpool, arsenal and West Ham today!  Majority rules come on you yids
For fcks sake, your parents ran to a developed country and you are still eating the goodies of their escape. Your whole life until now and probably into the future is based on enjoying the goodies of the system that you complain about. It is like the imams going to UK, living on welfare and bitching about the UK.
kill em all, put them hoes to rest. URL
You crazy white motherfuckers do us all a favor and kill TRUMP not innocent people!
why u posting dis shit. we treating these hoes like hoes fuck john
I won't stop until that fat faggot kills himself
Referencing to my personal beliefs I strongly believe every man that gets a vasectomy done should be charged with murder and do jail time because honestly he basically just killed all his future children he could have had :/
These women love using penises as an insult. That's how you know they're real grrrl geniuses.
Let the DESTRUCTION begin. @swedense You guys are freaking weak for letting That f...ing black monkey out without letting him go to prison for at least 6 years. Keep those black low lifes out our country. All those freaking blacks worthless maggots.
bitch u retarded
w*men: eww ur such a loser incel virgin i bet u get no pussy and have a tiny dick kings: URL
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
This already looks gay
Yep, very sad. This is the perfect example of how pieces of shit like this are normalizing hate. They want to make it acceptable to call people queers and other slurs. It's okay because he was jUzT kIdDiNg GuYz!!11!! The hatred a good portion of Crowder's audience has for women, LGBTQ people, and non-whites is no joke. Then he instills more hatred and bitterness in the sheep by dog whistling to their persecution complexes when he whines about censorship. Crowder knew what he was doing every step of the way.
migrants climbing into the country on ladders, given that's what her stylist needs to cut her hair. Tweeting almost daily how her sub-zero ice fist of a heart aches for a long, hard, cement barrier while obsessing sickly over anyone arrested or elected while brown, she's
Cool hand you fucking faggot why don't you square up and we'll see who's boss pussy
so many niggas lack intelligence in so many categories. y'all really need to spend time educating y'all selves rather than worrying bout what next bitch can you fuck.
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Throw all bloody Hindus out of Gulf countries.
In Texas fashion, I referenced someone as a hoe and she called me a nigger...like damn...it wasn't that serious.
I only feel bad for women who get pregnant while on birth control. Cuz they really ain't want that shit.
You are the reason people call blacks " Niger". Got it?  How can you say like that to someone who is being degraded by the White because of mainly her skin color?
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w/redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal?
Your 12. When your balls drop and and I climb off your mother, then you can tell me what to do fucktard.
+Jus a Lightskin I subbed to you and I pressed notifications.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
Rest in peace you beautiful woman taken by a raciest muslim cop ,,,,,
shut up faggot. kill yourself l0l.
Bro, i suggest you die off retard. inferior polluting the world.
>1) Don't get pregnant if you can't/won't support the child.  Rape happens. In Alabama, the penalty for aborting a rapist's parasitic offspring is greater than that for committing rape. >2) Go to another state to get the abortion. This is also criminalized under the Alabama law. You also forget that Alabama is one of our poorest states. Many victims lack the monetary resources to travel out-of-state at will to get an unwanted organism out of their bodies.
@lyftrs Me *being atheist* guess its time to chop off my dick, for the god of atheism.
Oh look Nelson, there goes friends of that fruity little church you belong to.
You don't need to be foolish to be a Christian, just intellectually lazy and emotionally childish.
"I'd love to smash you out" intense sexual tension right here. Also, why do these waste of oxygen neckbeards hang around other waste of oxygen twitch thots like they're ever gonna get a crumb of pussy?
gay people should die
Lions of Israel ....then leave the USA, a white founded country, give up everything invented by the white devil, such as electricity, phone, cell phone, computer, internet, automobile, airplane travel, all medical advances, life saving medicines, ....dumb inferior ungrateful rodent
As men we gotta take accountability in who we inseminate. This shit here is shameful b URL
Its jews again ! MF! May god take these creatures away from us
Dating for sex To show pussy? Follow the below link and have lots of fun  URL Note: Verify Email to send msg to girls #boobs #tits #dicktribute #slut #fuck #dick #clit #sellnudes #buynudes #hornysnap #dirty #ass #booty #paypal URL
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Probably a while list of faggots
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
Sorry if you think Americans being scared of Al Qaeda is funny you shouldnt be kicked out of this country, you should be kicked out of this life like the people who died on 9/11 were.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
this Anton nigger
Islam and those who practice this demonic shit, must be exterminated.
More of Reddits gay agenda leaking in. They won't be happy till everyone's flipped and or has a sex change. It's real, believe it.
Just another entry in the long line of "dog whistle" permutations designed to expand the authority of the thought police to punish anyone they wish. "What's that you said? Oh well the coded subtext is that you hate gay people. You claim to have never encouraged violence? Well, your criticisms directly caused terrorism or something, so you're a terrorist now."
Bs bitch he has all kinds of color people supporting him he invited your ass but you got to be a stuck up bitch
Awesome. That chick is as dumb as a rock maybe and the sodomites that support her. N why haven't the Jews speak on this matter. I mean the holocaust does that whore has any idea what was that EVIL ACT BY THE NAZI REGIME. STUPID WHORE.
I wanna yank her off that bed and push her to her knees and start face fucking her real good! That's a good little fucking whore! Suck it till I'm dry!
@HenMazzig @Irishchutzpah @IlhanMN She's the occupier. Israel should push her into a tunnel and demolish it
Fuck gay people, but don't dare be ableist /s
We all know Africa was a shining beacon of genius, technology and freedom before white people  Hate to break it to you buddy they arent shitholes because they were colonized, they were colonized because they were shitholes and it was easy to do so.
Are you people actually believing this propaganda.....  These ratchet women haven't done a thing , except spew hate and rhetoric....they are gonna get Saddamed...
That's why I fucked your bitch you fat motha fucka.
This is a temporary solution. The real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
Listen dirty bitch slut, I know this video will make you lose what was left from your fucking head. Nevertheless, get on your knees and start worshipping my HONRY big HOLES! URL URL URL URL
@TarasKuzio @lara_lazar We too have a rise of White Supremacists here in Canada as well; especially in Alberta. We call then Rednecks. Uneducated idiots who have never seen the world & opened their minds to other cultures. This ignorance is dangerous & the state must be vigilant with these haters.
Hatice Kursat America was invaded by Europeans. For five hundred years the American people have suffered unspeakable crimes commited by the european invaders. They are pedophiles. Murderers. Terrorists. Their governments are corrupt. Here in all of the America's. In Africa and Australia
Feminists: "B-b-b-b-but sex abuse is a \~male\~ crime !!! Wimmenz are sugar and spice and everything nice ! Ever since the beginning of time, women have been pure, good, and angelic ! Wimmenz cannot commit such offenses !" ​ Also Feminists: "Sexual Harassment is not a crime of sex, it's a crime about the abuse of power. Whenever one human being has power over another, there is a possibility of sex abuse. So we should remove men from power to prevent them from abusing their power." ​ Me: "Feminists ? Go fuck yourself."
@DavidWohl Thanks but if we wanted to be governed by far-right neo-fascists, racists, Islamophobes, homophobes and misogynists, we'd move to the US.
@RepDianaDeGette Stop immigration all together we are full and broke 25 TRILLION  Deport all 40 million illegals then start with refugees that do not assimilate and have committed crimes  No more tax money for illegals and refugees  No more American lives lost to illegals and refugees
From the beginning of the #GreatMarchOfReturn protests on Land Day, 30 March 2018 until the end of June 2019, Israeli security forces killed 216 Palestinians, 43 of them minors, and wounded thousands, the vast majority with live ammunition.  URL
They're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country.
Bitches really is stupid dumb ass bitch
People that condone this kind of behavior are just as stupid as this female. There are kids here. Have some respect. You're not breastfeeding, you're doing this for clout. Put her ass on the sex offender list. URL
"Boycott this seditious, sickular Islamist. He's selling halal products. Moody ji, please do something! His real name is Baba Rizwan Baig ". URL
They always were. The wheat and the teirs are the righteous and the offspring of Ham, Nimrod, Ceasar, pharos, Popes, Hitlers Obamas and Kill-ary Clinton's from the fallen ones, no souls. Noahide laws are NOT Torah their plan is to kill all true believers of Yeshua.  Why should we be surprised they hate us because they are doomed already. They hate Yeshua most we are fodder to them.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
A child rapist is still a child rapist. A supposed enlightened man of god should have known raping children wasn't okay. I guess his god just conveniently forgot to mention it when he was ordering him to go out and rape men and women who weren't Muslims to insult and degrade them. Don't give me that stupid shit. Islam 100% encourages rape.
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
Nice ass. Perky tits. Cute. I'd throat fuck her and leave her in a mess if slobber and vomit.
Screw mexico and it,s people !
Actually there are not alot of people moving here legally. Our economy has been to volatile. If anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out. You guys ever wonder where the Jews would be if they didnt kill em?? Here is a hint. What is Americas inmate ratio....
This is so faggy.
I hate those goddamn niggers that have sex with white women
just wait until every third world country starts funneling and trafficking their kids to the U.S. if we follow this kind of thinking
Boys being harvested like animals for the benefit of rich narcissistic white women and it's no surprise the feminists are silent on this.
This isn't 4Chan you dumb cunt
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Females are stupid dumb and ready to do anything for fucking clout
@RobertFoster4MS You are a tiny little man with a tiny little penis afraid of what you might do when you're alone with a woman. You deserve every ounce of mockery, you fuckstick.
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
i fucking hate bitter ass bitches
Kevin spacey is a Dirty ass gay.. Sick as fuck.. Psychotic gay boy,.. I would chop his gay dick and stick it right up his mouth and choke him till he is dead... You'll fucking gay boy should burn In hell.. Sick fuck
Should just Fucking knock her out dumb bitch
@herKILLERbody @xoxo_keiko_ First of all. She should be whooping her dudes ass but I don't blame her for beating this female ass. Imagine coming to YOUR home to find the bitch who talk smack on fb. Then has the audacity to swing on you while you're pregnant. She ain't wrong, but her man should get it too.
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
Destroy that pussy and just before I bust I'd pull out and slam it in your ass and fill you with my load and watch it leak out over your wrecked pussy
North Korea if you're going to nuke us, do it while these demons are in California.
GAY people are scientifically Mentally disturbed people...THE gay men act like women and the Lesbians act and dress like men..WTF
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
Same as every other trans person; money location and trauma!
agree. those refugees need to be deported from the country because 1. they got in the country illegal and 2. they don't do shit here but just beg for money
Who hurt you? Lol. It's comical how stupid and angry you people are.  MEH AMURICA. MY LAND. MINE. BANG BANG GUNS. NO BROWN PEOPLE. WAHH.
Why are bitches going to grocery stores in they bra and panties terrorizing the customers???
Basically this. Us Brits will use anything as an insult... honestly I've heard people say "petal", "flower" and the most recent random as fuck one of "little dancer". That last one was new to me and it didn't really make me feel offended haha. Gimps to me are basically complete fucking idiots, though to clarify I don't mean this about those who have the fetish.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
This rich faggot was kidnapped for a ransom. Until the money is arranged by his family why not use his faggy hole. The faggot has no objection. I bet he is loving every minute of it & he will hope the kidnapping time will take longer! URL
controlling bitch...I would dump her ass so fast. f off bitch
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Another Estupido Monkey (Em), how about your family waits for vacations, and when they drop Ac off with your grandma, call the police, and have Ac say what happens to her. If it doesn't work, kick the mother in the vag-
@Bishopoftyler Maybe, but given the church's history of buggering and raping children it's best that you stay quiet about judging others for a very very long time.
I'd stuff obscene objects in that useless cunt while I used your ass as a cum dump.
YTA. Seriously? Using a slur is never a joke. "Edgy sense of humor" my ass. There's nothing fucking edgy about using that word. That's some edge-lord bullshit. It wouldn't matter if you made this 'joke' and all your friends were straight. It's never OK to use words that demean a minority group. Full stop.
#LetsFightForKashmir World should know the real face of India as they are using cluster toy bombs against Kashmiris  @Warrior_1947 @Ik_Warriors
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
Someone should have this pervert arrested. Not a single one of these people gave this sicko consent before she touches, gropes, and fondels them. Unbelievable. URL
If its that hot in germany why did they need those outdoor ovens in auschwitz? Or were the jews cold?
me: calling men pussies for crying is wrong and reinforces a really toxic stereotype  rio: cries over tokyo me: fuck you, stop crying you pussy
Did not get shot = White people smfh
It shouldn't be money, it should be blood. Just like the slaughter of Christians going around the world for their disgusting ways. Whites need to pay by blood and slaughter of their wicked ways.
We need to get rid of the US before thry bring everyone down with them
Y'all are fags to him
shhhhh them yung buls always wanna give me that good boy pussy  But don't ask for that thug Dick if you can't take it!  URL
Problem is that 95.67% of British men have been castrated by their women & the rest are unworthy of castration because they've no balls anyway. That's why they've delegated decision-making responsibilities to fools like Jess Phillips MP who wants to teach kids all kinds of dirt.
@pajhwok And what about you morons you are killing innocent children destroying syria Yemen no one will quetion your barbarism Go get a life moron
Men and their "relationships."  Bye Acosta! Moving forward, victims should not have to choose between justice and restitution.
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
God Will Destroy this Western Caucasians Culture in Degrees. The Only Reason THESE DEVIL CAUCASIAN'S still Exist Are His Children The Dead Brother's and Sister's Here still in AmeriKKKa LOST
Why are WE moving them? They seemed very capable of moving themselves across continents to invade our border, let them figure it out themselves. Are we then planning to fly them (tax payers dime) back to Texas for the "asylum" hearings, or do we just concede that that is a joke? URL
@NRA @R_Bar_J Well of course.. what can you expect for my Islamic Muslim.. if they can destroy the NRA.. if they can convince our government to take away all of our weapons.. American citizens will be easier to slaughter.. that's all they dream about!.. Islam is a satanic ideology!
@fournineteentwo They nigger breakers
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Hipacrites living within western civilizations. Talking about how evil the U.S. is ? Move to Iran! We need to rid ourselves of the trash anyway.
Stupid, vapid cunt needs to shut her cock holster and go back to flashing her sad, sad tits for attention.
yea ur retarded go kys
Black football players are the most overrated thugs in all of sports!!
@charliekirk11 Need to expose this illegal Dictator for what he is...lying slimeball muslim Fagala!!! Then deport the ugly Bastard!!!
It's pathetic how LGBTQ+ degenerates are claiming this as a victory and using it to push their nefarious agenda...instead of celebrating this brilliant man for his genius, they are all making it about how he was a homo. Nice.
What a fucking nigger
I hope that inbred, mentally disturbed terrorist bitch goes to prison. Yeah, I said it. URL
@PoliticalKathy Liar. No one tried to make you wear a hijab. I saw your old tweet. You accused them of getting women prepared for muslim oppression. How trumpian of you to lie about the reasons... and congratulations on the money you will rake in from appearances in right wing media
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
Hey Pocahontas, FYI Trump had nothing to do with shootings in either state. Shootings were done by 2 people who where have problems, which seems family & friends chose not to pay any attention to. Hey, maybe it was YOU who caused the shootings w/white man & racism words.
Islam is bullsh#t.. a butch a beating, butchering, bombing bastards!
We could get all biblical and stone them? I believe that is what Jesus would do.
The brown menace it's more like the white menace The problem is not in the border they don't need a wall there they needed around Trump and his people corrupt pedophile child molesters
@DrakeSalemSnow @adams7782768 @alllibertynews @wyndsayl @Murk86561123 @BettyBowers @justinamash @LOLGOP @RepPressley Think about the people that actually do start the injection of the drugs...they are killing someone whether they were told to or not...Nazis killed Jews because they believed they deserved to die and were ordered to do so
Transculters: a great bunch of lads who just want to smash your head in with a baseball bat and make you choke on their "girl dicks". URL
"Israeli crews demolish Palestinian homes in east Jerusalem" Surely whoever has the authentic religious ideology could share with with non-believers, the infallible means by which they authenticated the veracity of their belief. Thus causing them to convert. Unless of course, they don't and never have possessed that facility and were merely guessing all along.
Man it feels like everything here keeps getting worse. I'm so sorry about what happened to you. Whatever orientation you choose to be shouldn't be a problem and especially your siblings should be able to keep secrets big like that. All my support
Also to get over my anxiety apparently men just have to be disgusting pigs and I immediately threaten their life
America is becoming a country where people will have to flee from as refugees escaping fascism, mass shootings, ICE, racist cops, white supremacists, etc. just to survive. Sad.
Fucking whore. Who does shut like this?
Y'all both some faggots. Go dick each other down, and move on. Fags.
//One time for the bitches that get cash. //Two times for the bitches with a fat ass. //Three times for the bitches that jump on that dick and ride that bitch like Six Flags.
I pray to god one of these white fuckers run up on me putting you in the ground I promise
"These fuckin' niggers couldn't finance a fuckin' hot dog, but they come in here expecting 0% financing for 60 months." Worked at a car dealership. No longer work at a car dealership.
@ggiittiikkaa Yes all that happened... which is why the converted to escape caste Hindus like you. They converted to escape caste oppression. And they did.
@danielmorchy A girl pretending to be a boy.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
All in the name of a God that doesn't exist. What a colossal waste of brain cells
I tried this at Wendy's after Pride a few weeks ago. The cashier asked my name and I said Rachel because I was dressed fairly femme.  She wrote down Richard. Fucking Richard.  I'm pre-HRT, but like, I had a purse on my shoulder, makeup on my face, a skirt and trans Pride shirt on, and painted nails. Yes, I am totally a Richard. Sucks too cause it's my deadname's middle name.
+LaVar Ball bro is it strange why you talking gay shit or that you chose the name LAVAR BALL but you talking about riding dick. What kind of no life virgin needs to choose a popular person name. I guess the kind who have some gay shit on they mind
So @LindaFairstein is still out here being celebrated, living her best life after destroying the lives of 5 innocent men and who knows how many others. Must be nice to be white. #WhenTheySeeUs URL
Shut your fucking lard hole when someone's talking to you, you fat white cunt
Sorry if you think Americans being scared of Al Qaeda is funny you shouldnt be kicked out of this country, you should be kicked out of this life like the people who died on 9/11 were.
Dear Mr President, @realDonaldTrump The next time Jihadi Khan @SadiqKhan steps foot on American soil have his useless midget arse arrested as an enemy combatant and sling the terrorist loving fucker in Riker's island.  Jobs a good-un.  Yours sincerely  The British people.
#90dayfienca larrisa ur a HO not even devoirced yet and fucking another dude and the only reason ur in America cause for a green card! Ur a dirty bitch and money hungry I hope ur ass gets deported
Yeah, I fucked your mom last night
Nah dead ass those be the bitches throwing food and acting a fool in the cafe.
Guys love drinking off the same bottle of alcohol with they niggas but say that don't kiss these bitches ... wowwww
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
It's 2019. Y'all white bball fans are gonna learn that how you've been talking about players has been and still is racist af.
Let Iran fire a shot on American or any of our allies then Bomb the place back to the 14th Century.
Wanna play with a beta cuck and drain every penny  i challenge you    $end it Bitch!  Surrender to your highness  #findom #paypig #humanatm #moneyslave #cashcow #agfe #asiandomme #brattydomme URL
Did a cop fuck your mum or something? You don't need to be such a salty boi
And fuck anyone who's not from America
@galvanm_97 Bitch put that needle dick away and go back to work
24 Immigrants Died In ICE Custody Since Trump Took Office & That's Not Even The Full Picture || Via: Bustle URL
That girl got what she deserved
Same shit in egypt but even worse
fuck bitches, id rather be a fag and fuck guys, sike
Go back to your country. Muslims
shut up, you're going to trigger the emotionally driven retards at leddit
Everything this worm of a women does is a set up or trap , she should go home to the rat hole she came from !
@DoYouEvenLIf @NG1951 The Japanese put a fat orange buffoon on display because they have never seen a fat orange clown before
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Yes gonna cum all over that body.. and smear it all with my cock!!
fucken mexicans, they need to learn to be human.
Cheat on me hoe I'll kill you
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
Hey faggot, there's a Chinese guy who agreed with the 14 words once you replace "white" with "Chinese", why don't you go harass (and milkshake?) an actual racist for a change? Check my post history to find it.
They have not craved attention. Fox news, Trump, and any right wing media outlet use them as bait for people like you. They know if they insult women, especially dark skinned women, the racists eat it up.
Yeah, God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Bob
pussy bitches.
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU MONGOLOID
I say send all illegals to California until they get deported
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
Out of curiosity, what makes non-denominational churches different from other divisions of Protestantism?
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
dGayWisher Hey gDayWisher, I hope you can fuck right off,you IQ deficient robot
"Women don't have to be obese for months after pregnancy? Incel."
Imagine being so hurt off a word , you start talking on the dead... that's how I know y'all growing up in fatherless house holds.. This Twitter shit all fun and games, till I slap them nappy ass braids off yo head and put you under so you can talk that shit to him in person URL
@Quouri_ OK?? OK?? LOOK YOU BIG NASTY SMELLING FAT BITCH WHY YOU TOOK ME OF THE MOTHERFUCKING SCHEDULE WITH YOUR TRIFLING DIRTY ASS YOU BIG FAT BITCH OOMPALOOMPA BODY ASS BITCH I'M COMING UP THERE AND I'M GONNA BEAT THE FUCK OUTTA YOU BITCH AND DON'T EVEN CALL THE POLICE BITCH
Self explanatory. I get on the gay dating app grindr and roast fags like yourself. I also find mentally damaged queers to have filthy sex with.
Your DUMBASS DICTORUAL DICKHEAD DELUSIONAL STATEMENTS AND IDEAS CAN LEAVE OUR GREAT UNITED STATES IF AMERICA,AND TAKE YOUR IMIGRANT FAMILY WITH YOU,BACK TO THE USSR OR RUSSIA,OR GERMANY (OF WHICH YOU'RE NOT FROM), BECAUSE WE WON'T STAND FOR YOUR VILE HATE FILLED LANGUAGE ANY LONGER... YOU'RE EVIL AND THE WORLD IS ON TO YOU,SO CRAWL BACK INTO THE CRACK THAT LEADS TO HELL,FROM WHERE YOU WERE SPAWNED!!!
@danroodt Apartheid is like cocaine if you're addicted to victimhood. And it's money (votes) in the bank for the dealers (politicians).
Bugs on a gay cunt?
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
then go the fuck back to europe. or more so, just up your mom's vag. disease was almost remote everywhere until the white man came.
I am pretty sure ur a normie and a retard and ur depresión will never end so now kill your self thanks Honestly Fuck you
Problem is that 95.67% of British men have been castrated by their women & the rest are unworthy of castration because they've no balls anyway. That's why they've delegated decision-making responsibilities to fools like Jess Phillips MP who wants to teach kids all kinds of dirt.
It was more crazy for me growing up because I am the only dark skin child of my mum. So crazy people would ask my mum if she really is my mum. One woman came visiting one time and said I wasn't fine and fresh like my siblings and I heard.. All cos I am dark skinned. URL
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
I strongly condemn the acquittals of 40 out of 41 cases of Muzaffarnagar communal violence in which 65 #Muslims were killed besides the instances of gang-rapes. Those were the barbaric acts. The justice has totally failed the victims.
get the fuck out of my country before i bash you beta cunt.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
+Ramya k i hope you die in the hands of a pakistan terrorist
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
"Wahhh, I can't spew my hatred wherever I want. I'm such a poor little victim. It's all those damn millennials' faults that I can't speak freely. Being white is so difficult." Go back to your shithole you whiny MAGA scum.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
Let The Deportations Begin
@Schrodingersge1 Woman need to remove themselves as organ donors. This is utterly appalling.
@nessnitty @angela_rye @E_Reid35 @Kaepernick7 As he & others should the fight continues until what is due a system based on RESPECT & APPRECIATION 4 what our ANCESTORS WERE FORCED 2 GIVE AMERICA = FREE LABOR THAT BUILT THIS MOTHER WHICH = AN ECONOMY THAT BENEFITED LAZY, RACISTS WHITE FOLKS WHICH = GENERATIONS UNEARNED WEALTH URL
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Fucken nasty bitch
Fucking give it UP already you faggot retards
Transwomen retain male privilege on grounds of not having been socialized as women. They were raised as agressors and that behavior continues after transition. Transmen are generally not really included by the TRAA because they are considered women and not men.
Divorce that garbage dump the slut isn't loyal. Her value is gone and the cunt has hit the wall. Dump that used slut
You niggers made shirts already??? URL
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
We need to separate them all! They need to be deported!
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
If I wanted my cum back, I'd wipe it off your mother's chin
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Stone this infidels. Cuck boy tranny ez player
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Abu Waleed is a swine. And so are other sick animal Salagis who are cancers in the ummah
@BulletsBacon @RealOmarNavarro @realDonaldTrump Eat shit white trash!
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
The Four Morons of The Apocalypse
Great God almighty, the globalists are an evil bunch, but throw no stones.... just step aside and let them shit themselves.
4/ Our family members, friends and colleagues who are LGBT must have the same respect and rights as everyone. But there's nothing intolerant in opposing the radical fringe of this movement and not attending a pride parade. Trudeau is the one fostering a climate of intolerance.
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
RT @JihadistJoe: We Muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women & children http:…
Americans are the ass hole of this planet
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
What a bunch of dirty fucking racists!
Death to all white supremacist is the least they deserve.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
What a fucking loser why don't you just cheat on your wife like the rest of us
Wow what a stupid bitch
They fought the Germans so that one day Third World immigrants could overrun their homeland and tell them that they are evil and deserve to die. URL
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
My assumption of this post is that it's pretty clear she's working as an escort given the location.
You don't give one shit you fucking parasitic protozoa. Hell awaits your old, white ass.
Bishop Robert Barron: SB 360, a piece of proposed legislation currently making its way through the California state senate, should alarm not only every Catholic in the country, but indeed the adepts of any religion. #dioceseoforange #occatholic URL URL
hi all daddies i'm a white inferior trashy sissy i would like to serve ya superior black niggez cock n use n degrade me as sissy slut cum dumpster whore
"Go bigger. Bust that faggot pussy." URL
My problem is that you said that the US isn't killing gay people. They are killing migrants though. But I guess were not talking about migrants so it doesnt matter.  And my real big problem is youre using you have having healthcare as an excuse to not really care what's happening. Or not give a shit as you put it. The healthcare itself isn't a problem.
fuck bitches
Maybe if you lose some weight then you could get attention from men instead of being jealous of your husband Ayesha.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure, her being a paedophile protecting globalist Zionist cunt is her own making, as a human, and I use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart!
My I please eat your smooth cunt
@Cooper4SAE #whitesupremacist #whitenationalist #whitenativist #racist #bigot #xenophobe #islamophobe #antisemite #fuckconservatives #fuckcons #unCanadian #garbage
without separating kids and with ZERO deaths fucking idiot
Gosh! You suck . Learn to use coherent emojis. I hope you aren't this bad in bed with your(~~significant other~~)self. I could totally see you masturbating to the thought of sucking your own dick in front of a mirror! (after each post you make here)
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
The shootings in Gilroy, CA and El Paso, TX are white supremacist, anti-Latinx racist hate crimes. Both shooters use the language of invasion, take-over, and infestation. Please don't erase that in how you talk about these incidents.
a real crazy bitch is going thru it 2nite..... I need luv n attention  URL
arabs when they go pharah URL
I bet this roided up cunt gets flooded with pussy because of that monkey!
Well I've literally done it several times. I've called people fag people for, not for being gay but for being fags, but they probably were gay anyway. Still got all my teeth buddy, I guess men who like taking penises up their assholes aren't the tough men you like to LARP that they are. I guess it's fun living in your little queer fantasy world where Mayor Buttguy is gonna be president and we aren't gonna get 6 more years of Trump!
If I had a son and he turned out straight I'm sneaking into his room at night and showing him what good dick feel like
I will never go to see this pathetic abomination! Hollywood is dead and so is feminism! End of days is near. You want a war? You're going to get it!
What is she charge. Because I know some AIDS infested gangsters. Who say she is exactly the kind of rubbish the like.
@Winter10910 OMM fuck these niggas
Madaxe2926 Iran are lier and terrorist,
Not to derail, but I'm pretty sure the planet could easily sustain 7 billion if 10% of the population wasn't ruining 90% of the planet. I do think Mormons should have less kids though, because it's a lot of rich spoiled religious people who are ruining the planet because the second coming will fix it all so they don't need to care or let it get in the way of their moneymaking or some bullshit.
I'M NOT ONE TO ABUSE WOMEN BUT THIS GUY SHOULD HAVE PUNCHED THAT FAT UGLY BITCH WITH THE BLOND BOB HAIRCUT RIGHT IN THE FACE URL
Himanshu Purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking Pussy . The umpire cannot be disrespected . You are a typical inferior complex dipshit
@Communism_Kills That church loves it some sodomy
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
What, a blogger whose main work involves [doxxing Jewish individuals so they can get beaten up by the proud boys because they followed a "verified antifa account" on twitter](URL-right-antifa-death-threats-doxxing-quillette-a8966176.html) and making up lies about black people and Muslims?  Let me ask you this: If a blogger walked up to you, waved a camera in your face in order to try shit, and you *knew* he'd try and get fascist gangs to beat you up if he managed to be able to identify you in any way, would you not be justified in beating him up? Is self-defence suddenly immoral?
They are not new to killing people in Ramadan.  Allah yejazeehum.
Iran just seized a second tanker. Literally doubling down on that big dick energy. Inshallah
Nigga slept with his mom.
And that's how Europe is, Africans and Muslims push your family to the train tracks, they kill you with machetes in the middle of the avenue, a wave of rapes. This is the "cultural enrichment" that the left said the "refugees" would bring URL
I'm stupid for responding to a degenerate who gargles Korean dick yeah.
Hey if they didnt want to be raped they shouldnt have had their parents bring them to the border to legally claim asylum.
I want to face fuck her with respect
"i shot i nigga now he look like bagel" this had me dead
God you "fortniters" are straight dick rider, make me sick. Blocked
Fuck Yeah ! Filthy Fuck'n Dirty Cock Cleanin' Sweat Fuck'n Drippin' Total Fuck'n Bottom Slut Christian Gettin' Gang Fuck'n Bred Hard and Fuck'n Rough for Balls Deep Fuck'n Loads of Filthy Fuck'n Dirty Cum Floodin' His Greedy Slutted Out Fuck'n Cunt (T.I.M)(Final Part)  URL
They are all garbage mate. "Pro life" but molest kids like no one else can. Disgusting zero benefit to society cunts
@VOAIran Perhaps Iran is settling his own old scores. Taking Revenge. Perhaps a New Paath of Confrontation with UK has started amid increasing tension with USA. @BBCUrdu @bbcpersian @BBCWorld @france24
Honestly it makes me really happy knowing that he was crying and in such great pain and wishing he could get away in the final moments of his life. I love that. I love knowing that a white guy was in such deep and unbearable pain and suffering.
I'd spray my load of cum all over the face of the girl on the left, coating her in thick ropes
+Sho Ent butthurt queer
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
They still think America is a Christian nation. Fucking delusional man.
Ugly ass terrorist
all this shit woman does go through to keep the holy lands up to par and wa man does do? STICK THEIR DUSTY RODS IN ANY RAGGEDY HOLE!
@rezaaslan Awwww asslan is but hurt, fuck you asslan, fuck you and your Islamic extremest family! #ittruecuzipostedit
Nice udders slut ... what about those fuck holes ?... coz whore like you is only worth her holes here
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
I mean the Jews are giving the torch to Israel to make the Palestinian suffer.
Fucking fat sooooooo closet homo just another DUMB shit drug feend go fuck urself white privladge pussy so glad ur dead u boring fat bitch
Aww, did I upset your little bitch ass? Stupid fucking cunt, you're a waste of good flesh and I hope you get cancer.
@filonin2 talking like that you must be a rectal thermometer. A blow hard without an ability to learn something new. Lot of people that way these days. Too smart to learn, to stupid to know better. Today the people delve too greedily and too deep into theology. I'm talking science not christianity, todays swastika. Learning with an open mind and a closed mouth makes all the difference.
Dis gay as hell
Stupid fat bitch. Hope they identify her.
oh please plenty of videos of white people FIGHTING the cops who don't get killed. Go back to your trailer park
Titus Robertson bullshit that pos kkkop would have never done this to a white man
Mexicans are emotionally and physically abusing their kids by bringing them here illegally. All legal Americans call DHS. They cause their dehydration which causes vital organs to shut down. Charge them with eminent danger, reckless behavior and starvation. Suffer the little children for the Kingdom is near!
Fag Dennis Grahl from Berlin needs a Hard mouthfuck URL
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Them hoes be done had 59 babies then get on birth control ...oh and sucking a nigga dick for a hot and spicy & a small fry
They are racist liars who punt the 'white genocide' conspiracy theory.
There is plenty of evidence that women and non-white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world.
Shut up no. 2 in the world Swedish faggit...
It's revolting to us today, but back in the GOOD OL COWBOY DAYS people weren't sensitive little soyboy snowflakes. We all had PTSD from that whole "civil war" thing so all we did was shoot each other and steal alcohol and fuck prostitutes at gunpoint and rape women at gunpoint and kill children and get cholera. It was awesome. Maybe put down yer phones and learn to live a little, libtard
Don't forget to flex about the fact that the "neckbeard" was going "alpha mode" and that he just left his "mother's basement". Not like OP was working at GameStop in the first place... sweet irony.  At least, we can see that even at 23, someone can't tell the difference between serving your sexual urges with a girl and DOING YOUR GODDAMN JOB.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
I hope that nigga that hit my car dies
Look at this faggot.
And then after we get the pussy y'all all type of fat bitches
I'm sure the viewers are not fooled by this bull shit. The real truth  is: these women are the racist, traitors, anti Americans. trash talking,  soon to be voted out of office rejects!
Is this fake ass thug who ain't none but a phony pussy punk fucking serious right now?! Light skin Lil Wayne Really?! Lol what a bunch a bullshits
Lady in the back Blinks when "her" camera red light goes on. Part of the tranny SHOW. Before ya deny...see: Transvestigations on Yt. Trannies are PROUD to show How It's Done!
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
gay people should die
How to LGBT people feel about this? That's so fucked they should be tortured
go fuck yourself with a ripped can you cuntbitch
Stupid ass bitch dumb as hell here we fucking go again Jesus dumbest fucking bitch alive
this is brak's pu don't touch it She wasn't born on U.S soil. She's a political leader and the country she is from is trash. Literally trash. Caused by warlords and rebels.  You have mental issues
America has become the forced exportation of sodomy and degeneracy. America has become the world's shopping mall. America has become a free shit dispenser. America has become a state where the people's who founded it are reviled. Let the BBQ's and fireworks commence on schedule.
That nigga dead already
Another American violent crap - Americans are working hard to change world mentality in order to make another billion.
There is a such thing as too nice. You might be too nice. But these are women to stay away from. Women who push buttons like that need to be avoided.
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Her 16 assailants should have their bodies burned to 100% and allowed live life as limbless bodies in the streets of Bengladesh. Death is too good for those wastes of sperm and eggs.
@sharper_brain Omg y'all want to beat a girl and praise a boy!! Welcome to Trump World You Shameless Sexists
One's gay the other's autistic. ​ It's what fags learn to do vs autists
@BrewDogCardiff @Mermaids_Gender Spay the gay away!
@youcnbmywingman And you need to move out of your mom's basement. Racist bitch. #InstaBlock
You WHORES nut in dumb bitches who only want you for your mixed babies
I guess we should just give up and let those little kids get sodomized
the joo run big pharma, will lose money ...the jooz worship the shekel's
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Talk about sex, how many of these bachelor's has she had sex with and the guy in the end will have a slut for a wife! This is not how you look for a wife or husband. I would be pissed if I was the last guy left after, after knowing she had been intimate with serveral or all of the men! In my day, that was called a slut or whore!
@playboicarlsin1 Stupid ass white boy go back to school and shoot something
Bitch you better praise god or Imma shoot and that's on god I ain't playin bout my Lord and Savior I'm on my job if you ain't a Christian Imma stab you in the face
Let me ask you a question Am i calling you a faggot for being gay, or because youre acting like an asshat? Asshat.
You're just mad your an incel that can't even get fat American pussy
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
Drunk dumb cunt. They shouldn't have let her speak. No class.
Fuck Moscow Bitch
this is why females arent funny URL
Dumb, Dumber, Dumbest, MORON take your pick of these four women?!
it's only gay if you're a gril
VIDEO: Abortionists Humiliate Dead Babies URL
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Lmao shut the fuck you racist incel piece of shit
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
I agree, let's send all the white trash back to Alabama or whatever dump state they came from
What are you? A gay retard huh gay retard u/NuttyNutsauce post Instagram worthy memes, you pile of fish shit
fuck some pussy i need a lobotomy
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Niggas rebuttal for this will be girls think they can only provide pussy and that's enough, these same men will go crazy if you said no sex on the table while we build to see if this is something that would work for real. They only really give a fuck about sex if we honest
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
What a cunt. I'd poke a hole in her fucking condoms, or switch out her birth control for fake pills. What a sack of shit. Alternatively slashing her tires is also reasonable.
Go and preform [African Goggles](URL on your grandma looser
Iran better hope it doesn't for their sake. They will be destroyed.
Fuck islam and Allah!!
Hell ain't real. Stop being a religious nigger.
Go find a woman who isn't a whore.
@Shanarra_ You understand that the bible was written by MEN right.. and they weren't ghost writers for god.. Have you even read the bible and some of the nonsense, insane shit that those HUMAN MEN say is wrong or right?
The whore needs to be pounded
First of all us blacks don't get fake tan's Drake... Second of all Bucks are gonna win so he should shut up before blame goes to him..
@RepAlGreen Deport them all and deport them now.
She is always ready to fuck her fuck several people at the same time. She shares her photos and videos as she fucks her completely free! You can also fuck her with friends or enjoy the photos and videos of this slutty whores! Want to meet her? URL
wrixst hOeS mAd
Hitler didn't finish it. Can u. If a nigger ur Jew confronts u in the street what then.
That is the real punishment here. Bitch is 27 now. Baby rabies are going to hit real soon. And she'll be in there, incarcerated, surrounded only by hookers and drug dealers and who knows what other female trash. No Chad cock in sight. Not even a beta cock she would otherwise have rejected without a second thought. The clock just ticking away, those ovaries screaming and withering, titties sagging. Tick-tock. Tick-tock.
Nuclear fire to all you faggots, whores, lesbians, adulterers
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
ISRAEL: Operation Wrath of GOD.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
@Communism_Kills That church loves it some sodomy
I hope this bitch goes to jail
Drop a pic under this tweet and I swear to God I'll flame your ass. IDC if you was Rihanna. I can flame any nigga.
penetrate these whores
He's literally victim blaming someone who was sexually assaulted. That wasn't already bad enough? But oh no, because I exposed the fact that he was already a racist, misogynist, literal slavery apologist, It's suddenly "thoughtcrime in action, oh no, censorship waaaaaah."
Salty ass women are bottom barrel
Being gay just fuck dudes and call them faggots is a good bit
Damn, that lefty city must STINK. Sweaty feminists wiping under their pendulous breasts with old Ariana Grande T-shirts. Obama's favorites drenched in every alley, offering sweet release to Democrat politicians. Michael Obamas skipping through the hallways, their make-up running, their flapping naughties dripping onto the carpet. Robert De Niro shadow-boxing in a phone booth. The Cuomos eating raw hot dogs in their tighty whiteys. AOC cooking.
Trump needs to go back to his home his family came from GERMANY. He like the SS of Germany he's same he's doing same things SS did to the Jews locking up children so trump is new SS of America
@Melanin__Beauti That was nice but yo ass should be packing instead of rapping & get tf away from niggas & move near black folks.
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Love the tits. Id fuck her every day of the week
Fucking morally corrupt assholes. Deport the cunts!
ALSO START CHARGEING THESE COUNTRIES A DAILY FEE FOR EACH ONE OF THEIRS HERE ILLEGALLY! THEY SHOULD HAVE TO REIMBURSE US! STOP ALL FINANCIAL AID TO THESE COUNTRIES! CHILDREN SHOULD BE SENT BACK RIGHT AWAY!  THOSE COMING WITH CHILDREN THAT IS NOT THEIR 'S IS HUMAN TRAFFICKING CHILDREN ! SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED INTO AMERICA!   WE NEED BORDERS SHUTDOWN AND OUR MILITARY ALLOWED TO SHOOT THESE INVADERS!   OR BRING OUT THOSE ENERGY WEAPONS! ONCE THEY UNDERSTAND WE WILL THIS WILL STOP! WE AMERICANS AND LEGAL IMMIGRANTS ARE TIRED OF THIS! OUR CONSTITUTION MUST BE INFORCED!
unix nerd thot and transsexual porn thot are drips of the same bitch cum leaking out the same ass pussy
Man, I don't hate white people. Im just saying none of this shit is genocide. If i go out and kill say 10 indians and declare i want to exterminate all Indians, that isn't genocide. I linked anti black, muslim and jewish statistics because thats what most people who propagate "white genocide" would refute.
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
May Allah give these women the same death these horrific women gave to a little child who couldn't do anything to save herself, used her and abused her! May you ROT & die the worst possible death inshAllah.(2) #JusticeForUzma URL
In my experience, which is anecdotal, the diversity hires usually have fake titles with no real responsibility whatsoever. I've always thought of this an intentionally clever workaround to the quotas, and the white men at the top know how to thwart the hysteria that comes with perceived inequality. I like to think that competence prevails, if not now, then eventually.
Looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
God please see what churches are turning to  ain't you people ashamed of yourself..please when last have you seen other religions in this kind of situation even the herbalist haven't..God please  take control these people are disgracing.@HNNAfrica #IJCoza #IStandWithTheTruth
@chibaicf @tommyvaughan @ChristianPost they pray everyday and they still get killed...your god is useless
Woke up this morning, and I guess the Catholic training kicked in, and all I can think now is, "Man, the Devil won via corrupting the Evangelicals and Baptists. Didnt see that coming." #nazisarescum #yessallnazis
Force her to her knees where Asian sluts belongs. Tie her up and rip her clothes off I'd shove my cock in her throat and hatefuck her gook face. When I feel I've had enough of her throat I'll bend her over where I'll fuck her ass then cum in it
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
Ur whore queen is already fucked up by Iran in Syria . Uk will be whore of all countries..soon
Yep. He's leveraging a MASS MURDER committed by ONE OF HIS OWN FOLLOWERS to pass his own anti-immigrant agenda.  This is so absolutely fucked.
it was there for 2 years. 2 whole years. every day i hate men even more. fucking trash. im URL
Next do: Do all people with mental illnesses think the same?
Sure buddy, just after you get out of your mother's basement and find a job, you fat kissless 34 year old neckbeard virgin. That poor woman...
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
is that because most abortions kill black babies? so your saying black people commit more crimes? dag you racist /s
First person that needs to go back to their shithole country is the First Gold Digging Whore Melanie Trump. That racist cunt is only here because Epstein procured her for the fat lying orange rapist squatting in the White House.
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
*Le Commie retard woman: Sanghi men UgLy. No girl marry Sanghi man. Sanghi man boooooo! Meanwhile commies be looking like this  URL
This bitch should stop this games and suck real dick SMH
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
Cock of duty: modern gay fuck stupid.
I'm sure there were several others, but Islam is definitely the worst
w*men: eww ur such a loser incel virgin i bet u get no pussy and have a tiny dick kings: URL
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Why are you so retarted?
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
"The things she's achieved" you mean having the United Kingdom go from a white majority 1st world super power to a 3rd world police state filled with muslims and africans, That's her heroic fucking end?
I'm more disgusted by the fact she said "ok. Fine" like she fucking begrudgingly agreeing to want to date a man she's got a negative chance with.
@PhilippeReines What's the difference between nazi Germany and the US now? 80 or so years? Concentration camps? The night of broken glass vs racist killings like El Paso? Only 1/3 support for Hitler vs Trump? Suggestions for a police state like the Gestopo? Fascism on the rise again ....
do you have autism or something? why do you talk like a disgusting retard?
hahaha funnyy repost haha fuck you faggot fuck fuck you are so fucking like you dumb bitsch
Ugly skanks! I hope their plane crashes.
U a bitch. Get his nuts out ya mouth
Shut up fat  bitch fat
1. You're talking shit  2. Go the fuck to sleep faggot
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Your girl is a bitch, dump her stupid ass so she can date some dude just as sick as her.
This is honestly why I rarely speak about my religious achievements, like the juz I'm on, or even as small as how close I am to wearing the correct hijab.. May Allah protect us from riya URL
he said to her after she asked him out he doesn't date hoes.
Keep that energy when that mentality gets her beaten by a gang in 10 years.
Typical homosexual liberal faget comment you're so butthurt from a 2016 elections that it left your permanently brain-damaged like a liberal queer
I always have positive experiences with Older black women
Thank you all for your encouraging comments. The pain of years of rejection coupled with rejection of my feminine self and the constant negativity and homophobia and transphobia got to be too much. So for the time being I'm retreating as deep in the closet as I can possibly go, and the dysphoria is as real as the tears running down my cheeks.  I love you all. Charli
Niggas was really calling 45 the GOAT after he tweeted about A$AP getting out niggas are fried Asf! Fuck 45. Fuck A$AP. 45 got kids locked up in cages and he's influencing the minds of many white male nationalists to go around and kill innocent ppl! Targeting Mexicans! Disgusting
The reason they keep fucking kids is becuase they practice an ancient babylonian religion , in were you can take the childs energy by violating them. Also they are sick chomo fucks.
Fuck wrong wit these dusty ass bum niggaz?!
you're a fag r/sounding
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
@MardollGatsby @SkylarShark They be like : you ugly anyway you stupid bitch
No bum hoes formed against me shall prosper, amen
I bet she has sucked dick, those lips touched his. Anon has now had dick on his mouth. Anon is a faggot.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
Poland out of the European Union,now. You people are a joke when compared to sane,decent people Pray to your fairies and hate on 'sinners' all you want,just do it while you're OUT OF an union that stands for equal respect among its citizens.EU is acting like a bunch of wimps for tolerating an authoritarian christian-caliphate like Poland
and make this place even whiter? NO thanks. we're on the brink of turning into a fully diverse nation. we have until 2045. keep making babies mexicans, blacks and asians. Lets make this country less white.
Imagine comparing the Native Americans and Aborigines to fucking Assadist Syria
On hell no! They want Mexican flag then send their asses to mexico!!!!
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
I'm ghosting niggas. GET THE FUCK OUT MY WAY
unix nerd thot and transsexual porn thot are drips of the same bitch cum leaking out the same ass pussy
This just got me sooooo Mad   FUCK THIS NIGGA!!! HOPE U BURN IN HELL MOTHERFUCKER!!!!! URL
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
It's all your fault to be honest you are trash you bottom hole all women are perfect and dont screw you over unless you do something first look at your self and realize what a bad person you are pffff go die in a fire butt.
... and that's how losers compensate for their small penis folks
It be the DUMBEST bitches speaking on other bitches being dumb  I just be laughing
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Diaper head
I raped Adolf Hitler because it hugged my dad.
Either she lyin or it was a dyke that did it  URL
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Nah fuck you pussy ass white rich boy URL
Islamic terrorism*
Look I'm all for the lord and his depictions but this just disgusts me
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
What that little slut needs is a man to tear that little gown off her dirty body, pin her against that wall by her pretty throat, and fuck her until she passes out, sandwiched between the wall and his cock.  In my professional opinion
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
If you want your kids gunned down in Wal-Mart move to America.
Right?? These maniacs are now subtly trying to push that open borders is normal for America. Disgusting
California is gonna disappear because it has gay people in it
hey, stop harassing me through obese white bitch's face in telepathy and remote neural monitoring system, which is stupid and retarded. Obesity is your gene, shut up. The world gotta end. Nimrod's Assyria gotta obliterate Israel as Egypt's all-out civil war suddenly breaks out. URL
lmao! and the jews were child pornographers and drug dealers and pimps and bankers that were making society shit, whats your point do you think you can justify one genocide and hold others sacred
Like we don't have enough rich white assholes already, doubt one popsicle will make a difference.
You are a hack. I am sorry to hear you debase yourself this way. It's not surprising you are an atheist. This is what happens when you don't have standards or a "highest" ideal, you become a spineless disgusting ape of a non person.
@IlhanMN Those who are against Israel shall b cursed & those that stand w Israel will be blessed. We will NOT let an anti American anti Semitic Somali refugee destroy our country. U love sharia & isl*m? Then go where that is bc that ideology isnt allowed here if they put above our laws URL
those pesky Jews sure did deserve the holocaust... they charged usury to those venerable aryans.  they deserved worse.  /s for you dumb asses out there
"Fuck a ay-rab" "congratulations You own oils in the pakistans bitch"  american beyond dumb URL
I'd go find Adam and Eve....kill Adam and fuck the shit outta Eve while wearing a condom so that bitch don't get pregnant
I posit that they swore things on the Bible because that was the only way to get the religion-obsessed plebs to go along with their ideas.
I like how all of your posts are poorly defending china and trying to make people anti american. Literally all of them. Holy shit so many people from that fucking country is intellectually inferior. You are trash.
Let me fuck your wallet and mind like you wish you could fuck your wife! #findom #finsub #cuck #humiliation #blackmail #finpig #cashmaster
Okay listen here retard, this isn\`t funny.... THIS IS CYBERBULLYING YOU FAT FUCKING RETARD, GO DIE YOU FUCKING BAFOON RETARD SHITFACE
@winterbrass @Puertorock77_ @WackyW3irdo @_Duhwayne_ @Twitch @winterbrass stfu okay. Thats all i can say. Grocery and Nigger have nothing in comon. Why so avidly deffending her huh. Is she paying you to deffend her or what ? Whats in it for all you ppl deffending her ? So from now on ppl will be droping hard r n words with out consequence?
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
You Indian go back to your shitty subs and let these bakrichods live alone.
Ankit Sharma .....an arse licker for the White scums. Indiots just a cesspool of humanity with no balls or fortitudes to fetter themselves other than being balls carrier.
This is why we won, because Americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable. We need to fight back against the Synagogue and their White/Mexican/Black Communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them. I am armed and I am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to Mexico/Guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways. Illegals must die.
It take a real SECURE nigga to be with me cus imma do whatever i please. People might think certain shit about me but i need my nigga to love me regardless & know his bitch !!!
Saaaaame. Or close to same, anyway. Heteronormative media/society kept me from allowing myself to admit I was trans until well into my 30s. But it feels soooooo much better to realize I'm a gay woman and not a straight dude.
Incels are retarded, but those who get "offended" by stupid shit like this are even worse.
@MediaGuido Usually men that say it? What a bigot
OKAY, I'LL LEAVE YOU FUCK YOURSELF LIKE A FUCKING DOG BARKING, BECAUSE I DON'T GIVE A FUCK TO A FUCKING BITCH LIKE YOU! I HOPE YOUR DICK-FACE FALLS ON A PIECE OF CRAP, HAVE A CRAPPY DAY, JACKARSE
Fat bitch with a hairy cunt. I bet it gets nasty down there when you get wet, like sour cream dip. Disgusting bitch.
@Franklin_Graham Obviously your prayers are not working. God told me it's because you're full of crap.
This is why we don't let the normies into anime. Dominated by men Aimed at men URL
>Some incels give a lot but get nothing back   And so should be rewarded with pussy? Are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you? And that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable?    Do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women?    How committed are you to the belief that women are holes, rather than human beings deserving of respect?
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
+meli meli i guarantee you one islamic nation will get nuked if this goes on. Also American and Russian are waiting to do it .
@SenSchumer Much more comfy then their own countries. And they get free $$$$ stuff for comitting crimes.
You are seriously disgusting, you'd have to stay out of my sight while I fuck your friend or I might lose my hard on. She is gorgeous though, you two aren't even the same species, I just want to put my cock in her all day, I just want to lock you in a closet.
Try me, fucking mexican little bitch
Go back to chapo tard house
WITH NO FEMINISM OR LGBTHSGHDJDGSVXHDBULLSHIT THIS IS GOING TO BE A SUCCESS.
@brendoskii_ The other gender keeps on breaking in to new levels of stupidity
@boombithc That's what you get for being a faggot
It's not Genocide if it's committed by non-White folks, apparently.
+Dissident Saint if you had better grammar I would think you were a Russian troll, but you are just a fucking moron.
NIGGA SHUT THE FUCK UP AND PRAY! ​ **GET THE FUCK ON YOUR KNEES AND PRAY BEFORE I RAPE YOU WITH MY 1:1 SUPREME 8 METER LONG PENIS**
Triple talaq. You're saying it's in the Quran, but most people would say it isn't. It's a matter of interpretation.
Im sick of this shit, they have to turn everything gay LGBT should be illegal
Sure thing Bitch the adventureing slut
Fucking for you little piece of shit, I hope your kids get Down syndrome
You are just as fucking retarded as the dumb thot who spit vodka in her pets mouth, fuck you.
Fuck the Arabs until the end of times, such vulgar and disgusting humans URL
Look what you have become America... You have an immature, ignorant, hate-filled human as a president... and I use the term 'human' loosely. While these ignorant animals chant and squeel the rest of the world looks on, dropped-jawed and speechless. I don't think America will ever fully recover from this ... to us outsiders it simply looks like the US is filled with hateful people, and the fact that he is still in power after 2 years confirms that... FFS America, DO SOMETHING, and stop just talking about 'doing something'!
Kick the SOBs out of every peace loving country and back to the filthy sandboxes they belong in. URL
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
No your mother and your sister got powned by me last night. Cya retard
My girlfriend be having me ready to marry her , kiss her , divorce her , kick her ass , ignore her and eat her pussy and get her pregnant all in a matter of 30 minutes
Careful what you wish for, you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like, squeal & cry that ain't gonna stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you URL
i almost puke seeing this transvestite
All niggas do is cheat on they bitch and take her out of town afterwards smh
I guess I just want to genocide all the muslims in the name of glorious leader Xi
The Governor of Alabama is a Woman, she's in total support and signed it into law. Thousands of babies now protected!
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
Q: Why doesn't Poland have an Antfia problem? A: Poland did not stand for little pussy shit like masks and 14v1 fights. They cut Antifa out like the cancer it is, fast af. Stomped the bitches. I can't think of a bigger pussy play than throwing a milkshake and running away Lmfao hahaha
Fucking fagot burn in hell
I totally agree with you. She's a dumb fucking cunt.
@L1LTR4P fucking losers wetbacks #SorryNotSorry
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
oooh so he put his peepee stick in the guys poopoo hole? thats are a gay!
Put a bounty on scalps, they'll start to deport soon enough.
It's time to kill your self when the autistic are calling you a retard
Israel are so desperate to probe they're real that they called themselves 'Is Real'. Fishy tbh
This is so faggy.
Such an ugly cunt
Mmmm, I'd love to watch that pussy eat my cock until it gets pushed out by your cum, then round 2
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- LIE bloodline and ALL that serves that bloodline. that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh-blood and controls that country
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
You're gonna fuck the retarded girl's mother? Or maybe you're gonna fuck the mother's cold dead body?
I'm starting to think that they should do a DNA test on every baby born and if any conservative genes are discovered, quietly drown them in a bathtub. Conservatives fuck EVERYTHING up, all over the world. We'd have colonies on Alpha Centauri by now if it weren't for these backward, small-minded troglodytes.
The raids began Friday in many area. It was way over due. I.C.E should begin a city-by-city and state-by-state raid/sweep to find, arrest and deport all illegal aliens. Enough of the insanity. The U.S does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches. Build the wall and deport them all. Problem solved.
They are simply bunch of controlled faggots that hate America.
jesus christ why do niggers always have to show up and ruin my day. Not only that, but this nigger ate all the crops while on the job, so now the tree branch cant support him. something needs to be done about stopping the gorillas from eating all the food away from us white men. disgusting
also true of trans first dates, it's super fun how half of my friends have been disowned and/or abused by their families. URL
Every slant in #LosAngeles should be deported. Those scum have no right to be here. Chinatown should be bulldozed.
The Fraud Squad is a laughing stock bunch of whinny, screeching, commie, hissies! They are all, most probably, a bunch of lesbians who hate men...especially white Republican men!
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
Black football players are the most overrated thugs in all of sports!!
This coming from a country that regularly gang rapes goats. haha Rapistan, living up to its name
@SenMikeLee Imagine being an ignorant fuck like Mike here. Fuck, shoot me in the face if I ever become this mentally lost.
im wrong i see in your post history your a huge hater of everyone faggot kids like this shouldnt be on reddit, literrally the biggest retard on earth.
Every gook in #LosAngeles should be deported or killed.
No, the chances of a muslim shooting you in America is almost nil. There are over 50K gun deaths every year christian USA. We should be focusing our attention on Christians and less on peace loving Muslims.
Me, at work: *drops box and bends down to pick up the box* Incels: "look at that whore. She clearly dropped the box on purpose so she had an excuse to show off her whore ass. I bet she's thinking about anal sex right now. Bending over like a slut so some chad will come over and ram his dick into her tight asshole and go to fucking town and ruin her. Ugh, how disgusting. I mean I totally would too if I were a chad but I wouldn't enjoy it with such a slut like this!" What I'm actually thinking: "Only two more hours until I go home and take a nap."
DAVID CROSS: and george bush, this guy loves the bible, yeah remember that part in the bible where jesus starts a war in afghanistan ME (THIRTEEN): fuck *has to get up and walk around* oh my fucking god dude
Fuck outta here refugee
@tetebaby123 Dear mommy, look what college taught me! HATE. RAGE, and RACISM! Aren't you proud of your Queen now? URL
Both are crimes. Influx in crime doesn't mean you ignore it. It takes time to build structures, and until then more criminals means cramped space. When over one hundred thousand people are crossing illegally a month, what else besides this should be expected. There is no best case scenario, unless you want to include people not trying to enter another country illegally.
This must be sarcasm...lol The host is a flaming homosexual.
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
>Some incels give a lot but get nothing back   And so should be rewarded with pussy? Are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you? And that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable?    Do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women?    How committed are you to the belief that women are holes, rather than human beings deserving of respect?
@HarveyStaub1 . Linda Sarsour should already be in jail for threatening the life of a President. These women need to be taken down and removed. America is not safe with these animals in our country. If the Rest of the world governments want them in free open borders let them..NOT IN AMERICA!
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
You won't ever catch me fw a nigga twice
Because they were made by faggots for faggots.
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
these mayors that these cities that say they don't want to back Isis they want to break the law themselves the city official city government they need to be responsible for the whole city everybody has to answer to the law they're no different you know it's all they all say don't separate families you was a mom or dad why would you bring your kid in something that you know that you going to be separated can't hide behind your kids
Fucken nasty bitch
illegal immigrants =/= legal immigrants. in every other country in the world being "anti-immigrant" means you don't like either kind. but for some reason in america you get called even if you're only against the illegal kind.
@ThomasJTobin1 A reminder that pedophile catholic priests have harmed millions of children around the world and for centuries. Catholic church has been accomplice by being silent and hiding those priests. #CatholicHypocrisy #LoveIsLove
FAGGOT'S LIFE - Total submission is the greatest gift a faggot can give his Sir. IT ISN'T FOR THE WEAK. IT ISN'T EASY. URL
+Charlotte yea go abort yourself since you love aborting babies
Suck my dick now bitch
Weak morals, spineless. clearly you are afraid of women.
-Women are already highly vocal about how much they hate being hit on. How do I know if someone will already have a negative opinion of my purely because I approached them in public? - This is humble bragging bullshit women say. They complain just as loudly if not more when they DO NOT get hit on after 50 or if they are fat. Don't listen to them
This bitch is a pathetic nag.
gay people should die
Everybody know that one bitch that shake their leg when they mad and finna go crazy !! It's me I'm that one bitch
It takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities. Those who believe in the false morality of anti-abortion, anti-gay religions are primed for authoritarianism. They use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others. They excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs. That is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of Trump. It is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change.
The gods of the gentiles are demons. Baal, Odin, Zeus, Quetzalcoatl, they're all real, and they're all demons. Christ conquered them all, and He will conquer again.
Sarah needs hard cock in her office and down her throat URL
I'll tribute your gook slit eyed yellow whore
i dont trust these hoes so i fuck myself
I'v never seen a transvestie who wasn't mentally messed up, you have serious mental problems if you want to be the other gender....... enough with this PC bullsh#t
I wish I was a woman so I could kick the living the shit out of you you vile cunt
Interracial threeway with young PAWG by DRuffBandit @manyvids URL
damn no wonder they haven't been to America in 20 years.....this bitch can't even say Detroit  URL
they steal americans social security numbers in order to get jobs here. you wont hear the fake news talk about that or the fact they bring diseases like TB
Go abort yourself dummy
This bitch is nothing but a fucking CUNT!
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
These niggas evil af
niggas about to plant a forest just off me URL
Look, we get it. Your penises are so small they're basically useless. But you can do other things. Cunnilingus. Adult toys that dont murder everyone. Drop the gun and read a book Cletus.
What be goin thru u dumb ass niggas heads huh? Stupid ass mfs
@HassanRouhani Your nation is facing illiteracy, poverty, human rights are being invaded and you're worried of uranium and nuclear power? Die you stupid!!
I can't believe we don't teach that Jesus is our mediator. But he is our mediator by extension of the governing body. That makes so sense to me. That was the one that really pushed me over the edge. Because that means my sins can't be forgiven until they all die? Or that my prayers aren't heard ? I truly don't understand how he isn't our mediator
Most indians are unethical. No surprise there.
You know why these niggas love me?  Cause baby don't give a fuck. URL
Now i hate the fucking niggers even more
Go fuck yourself dumb bitch
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
This what we all gon look like when you drop Lowlife bitch URL
That smile white people give triggers my fight or flight response
I was hoping this was just a thumbnail prank. You're a real piece of shit and a faggot by proxy
wait till "somalis lost their culture when Islam came" twitter sees this URL
Godless degenerate liberals are creating soulless killers who stupidly place their faith in mankind, and then go on shooting sprees when they feel forsaken. We must get back to God & traditional, wholesome American values.  Home, respect, patriotism, neighbors & church.
@SebGorka Thank God it's not that useless limp wrist-ed twat waffle islamic terrorist anymore
what a fucking slut. my slut of a husband. whom I love and will miss forever
Last one sums up women. They get guys to do all their shit and then have a sap that pays the bills. They are all like this. Fuck you if you think you've got one that isn't, you'll wake up too late.
If you hated being Asian until Crazy Rich Asians or Always Be My Maybe (or other mediocre movies acting as shallow forms of representation) came out, you need to do some serious thinking about your relationship w/ your homeland and pray to God that your ancestors don't hate you.
Video games are for smelly faggots so how bout I just block you chump boy
@cathmckenna A lying privileged white girl who steals from the Canadian taxpayers and SHOOTS more SHIT into the oceans talking about "Conservative" waste...really MCKENNA....REALLY!SMFH
+LogicalAtheist Conspiracy? You a foggot or lgbtq ?
Fuck those Saudi rats
Straight people are stinky
YOU 4 are Terrorists and will be leaving very soon! YOU 4 are Traitors and Obviously HATE Americans & OUR country #JihadSquad go quack your Fake outrage somewhere else...go to a muslim country you love islam so much you murder lover URL
We got a race a babies that hate the ladies
The LDS "church" is a racist cult that protects rapists and child molesters.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Honestly. Hitler's first plan was to deport them all and the rest of the first world said "Jews? Gross". Nazi Germany was 1000% times worse but it's not like everybody else was willing to take them cause they also hated Jews.
Son of all your fucking mother, I hope you die stupid, chinga Your mother
\-rape would no longer be a normal thing (normal meaning most women are raped or sexually assaulted at some point in their lives).  \-Also, male birth control would immediately become available.  \-longer maternity/paternity leave \-more single dads in general (dude gets drunk, hooks up with a girl, ends up pregnant and has no idea who she is) \-paid time off for periods \-the cost of menstruation control (?) things would go down because of supply and demand
To enter heaven, you must believe in God and try to obey his commands to the best of your ability. But if you were born in a country that doesn't have churches or know about God, or you happened to die before Christianity reached your country and you had a chance to hear about it, congrats you're going to hell
@john smith Well keep trying because its not going to happen. You have a better chance at seeing the easter bunny than deporting Millions of illegals. Obama deported more illegals than the idiot we have in office right now and I would rather give my tax money to help these people get citizenship in order for them to work than give my tax dollars to these American born hobos who are still collecting my money and sitting on their butts with a cardboard boxing spreading hepatitis instead of trying to get a job
bitch u spit on ur dog u r trash goodbye URL
Dude, you look delicious. If I suck you off, will you get me hard in your mouth and fuck your front hole before I come inside your boy hole?
ugly hater go get a life she so beautiful and it is more than we could say about you. stop talking about Africa you white trash, what do you know about that part of the world? nothing. ugly fat fool get loss
And you fools , just dont want to listen to GOD , and give these wicked men the death penality....a.s.a.p...fools !!! now her blood is on your hands...pass the law to give faggots and transfaggots and rapest and murders the death penality..
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
It's a shame you bitches out here fucking with niggas for they money go get your own bag hoe!!
Why fuck a girl alone when you can have your friend @TS_KimberLee Help out smashing  URL
I would face fuck that slut so hard, she needs to be covered in loads of hot cum
Fuck hit that nigga trash and irrelevant
2:22 WAIT WAIT WAIT.... "I don't know how guys can do it" The fuck lady, isn't this video made up of 50% women, whom have also said they cheated. Fuck outta here bitch
I'll kick that hoe in her chest
Also I forgot to mention fuck Saudi Arabia and places that have the death penalty for a thing that is natural and not a choice
+Jesus Says LOL you homosexual sperm dumpsters make me laugh the site of a President Trump makes you weenie washer scream like little bitches
Niggas yesterday said he looks like a Bob's burgers character and now I can't unsee it... Twitter again running shit lol. URL
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
Lots of these men are emotional acting like women...they're whining, self-loathing, and grossly disrespectful. I pay them no mind because I know they're suffering from their own self-hate and issues. I refuse to settle for a person like that they're very confused and double talking. Those are the same guys in my face saying oh you're cute. I say thanks and keep it moving, life's a game I'm playing to win letting my shadow self guide me. Salkis you're a gift!
The most South African thing would be if taxi drivers were pulling Uber drivers out of their cars, raping them, and then transmitting HIV to them because of the rape.
@ShkootShit Death is what he deserves that shit is beyond foul and the nigga recording ain't no better somebody should throw up on your momma head
gay people should die
Trump only celebrates the accomplishments of conservative white men. But he loves Tom Brady!
@Cam_Coles You don't know what I know. Name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
@HikindDov @TheHarryCherry Good. It was deserved. After the hell that your people put black people through, you got was coming.
Finest Nigga on the block and he still ain't worth a look to me
Wanna put him in his place? Fist his asshole before fucking him with your fat strapon. #femdom #femaledomination #femdomcaptions #fisting #strapon URL
@SteveScalise Did you report Trump to any immigration officers or call the FBI when he has a whole freaking village of immigrants with no docs working at his #EmolumentsClauseViolations whore houses? #GFY 'My whole town practically lived there'  URL
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
They'll be hiding in Dubai Switzerland & other "safe havens" while millions of innocent people will be dying. Behind they will leave a barren country filled with terrorizing scavengers, hungry people & murdering savages like they did with other African countries they also ravaged
A black person Acting scared of harmless Animals Just because..... What's new Dramatics are their specialty
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
Anally? Every part of her is yours (and your friends) for using.
God Father you absolute fucking dumbass, many of these people here came seeking asylum LEGALLY. In America, the country of immigrants. Go back to Europe
Jesus you're a triggered cunt.
@SUPERGJZIG I was sleeping you AIDS infested moron
+amy benje So true that is to exterminate the black baby to wipe put the black race, Bill and Hilary Clinton are behind it all
@deppy @ohlawdhecomin @BonjourBiatch @RachelADolezal I'm sorry, living in a different country or changing your behavior does not make you a woman. You can be a trans woman, but will never be equal to an actual woman. There's nothing that can make that happen.
what is this faggot shit
Post the shit or kill yourself faggot
Damn, that fat ass needs to be taken, you need to be used like the dirty worthless whore you are
Stupid fucking big ass slut needs to be raped
PICKLE PETE THE SODOMITE FROM SOUTH BEND
If you come to me and tell me you fucked another's girls man and brag about it , you are straight up trash...
Black people do not commit the majority of all crime in America. White people commit the majority of crime in America. Whites also make the majority of the population of America at 61.8% or 77.4% if you add Hispanic-whites. Page 55 (table 42): chrome-extension://oemmndcbldboiebfnladdacbdfmadadm/https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cvus08.pdf URL We need to make sure our statements match the data.
You should let me fuck you while you suck a cock
This is NOT a police issue. This is a dysfunctional black issue. Somalis are a retarded culture and they broadcast their issues everyday. WHY DO YOU THINK NO MUSLIM  COUNTRY WANTS THESE PEOPLE?
Iran playing with fire.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
Isreal support the trump I hope they fail I hope the Persians drive them *ALL* into the sea Drown you worthless devils, you refuse to stand, you refuse to fight... *COWARDS* drown...
Are you for real? Why don't YOU work harder. For your information, people of color are some of the hardest working people in this country. You sound like a true, blue racist.
TheTruthIsRacist Really? This fucking rabbi is proof itself for one? Are you fucking trump supporters this dense?
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
they definitely bought that shit from isis
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
jew repoeter just look at that nose lookin like a fukin parrot
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
B-b-but they are vegan feminist gluten-free freedom fighters who are the beacon of hope in the middle east, right? They would *never* do such a thing, this is propaganda. I'm sure those shepherds were evil genociding torks.
I'd smack your ass leaving handprints then fill your pussy with my fat cock (;
So these 2 dumb negros do attract Thots. Get a life and stop sack chasing these uneducated assclowns.
JEW Get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch, I'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard. I will shoot you if you return, because you're a dirty semite, I hope you choke on a fucking bagel, prick. Shalom. We Came In?
@PghBizTimes I'm sure all the union workers will be so upset that the scab loving..union busting racist won't be coming to their jobsite..He has to go to El Paso and pretend he cares about immigrants..
All immigrants are trash this is a white country Trump 2020
Put all mexicans in prison wit him
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
Oh fuck yeah, would eat that pussy and ass and later stretch both of them holes and hear you scream an fill upp your mouth with my cum!
I'd start by eating that ass. Then move down to tongue her pretty pussy. I'd finish by stuffing my cock deep inside until my cum dripped out
Shut the fuck up nigger, no one cares about your stupid name calling anymore.
Wtf are you talmin about, theres no poor whites in murica, all whites are privileged and deserve to die asap, they are in the way of our leftist utopia, maybe we will keep some white women for our brothas after the civil war is done
@AOC @kboivi07 These filthy foreigners all need to be deported!
india,pakistan,bangladesh etc all these brown asses shuld be anhilated from the earth to give a pure future to the human race.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
We need to call it for what it is: there is an epidemic of white nationalist terror in this country.
I'd cum stick my alpha cock in everyone of your sissy holes
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
@JamboMagazine Hrrrrrr thats bad but that nigger got more life
We are going to make America White again! The war will be worth it to get rid of all the brown parasites.
The fucks wrong with you nigga
The only radicals here are the fake christians of the Evangelical cult... God would never support the racism and lies of Trump...
All niggas do is cheat on they bitch and take her out of town afterwards smh
Disgusting. This is cuckoldry of the highest order. Her ambitions, life, future, all involve moving up the social ladder so she abandon you for a better man. Either that or keeping you around for money and lolz while she gets that Chad deep dicking on the side.
Fuck fat bitches.
Whenever black men get locked up, it never seems to be their fault. It's ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS somebody else's fault. Funny how that works.
So like, this is bad and terrible and abhorrent and whatever word you want to use. But the anti-Islam circlejerk is really unnecessary guys. Powerful assholes will always use religion to justify hate. Is some of that hate written into the Quoran? Sure. But that can be said about any religious text. Texts are written by people, and people are flawed. The fact that millions of peaceful progressive people who follow islam exist is proof that you can't write the whole thing as wrotten. But no, it's easier to say Islam hates women.
Only faggots delete posts
They make Indians look really bad. That's why no one likes them. Especially the Indian terrorist. Indian people are toxic to society
@realDonaldTrump So , start blowing up  the Israeli , Al Shabab , Taliban & Saudi terrorists with the new American killing machine & drop a few bombs to blow up the Chinese thugs in the SC sea . A lot of American fart & not enough US shit to splatter around it seems!
Get off finsta and go to therapy bitch
India should loose and have constipation
You can start by worshipping that teen cunt that will always be better than yours, lick my cum out of it while I fuck her asshole
I hate them all. All religion is a man made construct in a sad attempt at understanding life and asserting control over chaos.
Shut the fuck up retarded ass faggot redditor
Fuck the Germans, they all support that fuck till it got bad.
John 19 ESV—Then Pilate took Jesus and flogged him. And the soldiers twisted together a crown of… URL via --- Do You See What I See? Since When Did Jewish People or Jewish Men Care What Caesar in Rome THINKS ABOUT THEM In Judea
+Female Russia DIRTY FILTHY DISEASE CARRYING MEXICANS
What an asshole and this butt is teaching our college students about religion. WTH!!! HE'S AN IDIOT. every time he speaks i'm just shocked
Couldn't have happened to nastier batch of broads!
@realDonaldTrump @kanyewest You've got to Be fucking kidding me. What about the kids you have in cages on the border separated from their families you worthless fat piece of shit fucking pathetic
Why don't you FUCK ALL THE WAY OFF!!
Autistic Gay   Cishet white boy's favourite insults
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Liberals care more about illegals then their own babies.
Fantastic. Now, as a man, I'm going to now say I'm a woman. And since my gender identity is a protected status it cannot be challenged, so thank you for all the female only scholarships and other financial aid. I will also be taking first place in all female sports. Biological women, please enjoy once again being second class.
Wait, Charlie still sounds like a white male???? That's fucking racist, it's 2019 come on!
We should have sent all blacks back to Africa after the civil war.
Are you people actually believing this propaganda.....  These ratchet women haven't done a thing , except spew hate and rhetoric....they are gonna get Saddamed...
But it says she's from Nigeria. Isn't that the place that preys on stupid Americans with their scam emails?
This has to STOP! America belongs to Americans TRUE Americans! If you come here! Come legally & when you do assimilate American culture!! Do not try to come here & change it to suit you, you just got here, those liberal 4 women of the apocalypse hate America & they are trying to change it their way! What about us that have been here for generations? What about us that have had been assimilating America! As America really is!! We need to wake up & take our America back!! It is our America! Not theirs! Since they hate & complain about everything America has been standing for since the begging!
Nope, this only happens in Delhi. All delhites are pieces of shit and scum of the India.
But being a fag is!
Fucking why is this faggot back on here
+B0rder55 You religious dumbasses deserve everything that happens. You're the only ones stirring the pot. Fuc@ you morons. Xtian, Jew, Muslim, Hindu... You're all retarded.
like you're gonna declare war on heaven to make heaven mom fall so you can have sex again? What the fk is so important about sex wtf was that? got tubas in your ears?
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
Unbelievable, that BBC woman must live under a rock - even in the Bahamas we heard about the 300 armed muslims throwing bricks and bottles at women and kids and being marched there by the useless UK cops. WOW.
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
sorry, your inverted dick looks like a split ball sack.  There's nothing female about it, just male mental illness.
Because you're fucking a man you dick riding pole smoking cum slurping ass pounding faggot
Why did I click on your profile? You gave no source anyway, you just are a hateful human being. Good grief. You have been given sources by others disproving your statements, but no you didn't, once you cited the hatesub GC, that is used only to missrepresent Transgender people and to deny their existence
At 7:19 is why I hate people, women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her.. f*** you you stupid b**** either have fun or go kill yourself
Of course. The fuckin mexicans.
blow me faggot
this is for Rachel you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch
Fuck that Muslim cock sucker fry his ass,
That these arrogant, hate-filled, morally bankrupt lesbian "women?" act like girls soccer matters is delusional. They are a disgrace to the United States.
YOUR SO DUMBFOUNDED JUST STOP MAKING YOUR GAY VIDs NOBODY LIKES YOU AND YOUR VOICE BURN IN HELL BASTER
you can't force people into liking you either because once they get the courage to fight you back they will be fighting back with hate towards you and for youre sakes you need to start understand that now before you all get enslaved it because no one will have any symphathy for you have you not even thought about that? You African breeds have no chance of winning this trouble you're braindead
@dejungle_ @RosieMotene Men are literally the weaker species. Statistically they have a much shorter lifespan than women in every country, culture and race.  Women are actually superior.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
America is a country full of degenerates.
Anybody out there wonder why people are fleeing NYS? Politicians like this. I think her and Schumer wanna build a wall on New York's southern border to stop people from leaving. And believe me Syracuse doesn't want any more illegal immigrants sucking off the taxpayers!
@UselessCunt3 @lnddomboss Good fag
@b_faye_ @RengaRyuk @gaywonk I'm mad cause his insults are inherently homophobic
Americans hate all four of you Anti American bitches, just leave our country get the hell out.
Chad autist faggot
She looks like she'd ride cock for hours
Go home India shame less creatures
on god i will suck your dick URL
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Is there some sort of planned white genocide in the future that I haven't heard of yet?
There are many MF in India that why I started hating India.
@yousefalhadda17 The israel soldier are whore son's big pig heads fuck all israel.long life the philistines brothers. URL
Hey ,muslim dickhead !!!!!!!! Why don;t you go and shove Allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass !!!!!!!!! You fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs, Islam is a peaceful religion, BULLSHIT !!!!!!! There are many times when it refers to violence. So go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up. yey, one less feeble minded prick ion the world.
@MSNBC Quite wasting g TIME & LIVES! JUST REMOVE THE FUCKER. 527 Years after Columbus, a white male politican finally admitted whites are breeding domestic terrorist. Think what they might accomplish in another few millinia .... let women control their uterus!  allow POC VOTING!
She needs to be fucked hard in the ass
So hes not a terrorist?? O wait hes not muslim
@ericswalwell Dude, you definitely wear your wife's panties atleast 5 days a week. Just sayin. You are the most beta cuck of cucks ever created. You're the kid in school that sat alone because you creeped everyone out. When you fart, I bet $ it smells like jizz and latex. Have a goodnight
They are praying to a deity so that they can receive that deity's forgiveness from a crime that deity invented, and to avoid an infinite punishment for a finite offense. Prayer is the outright rejection of personal responsibility, either for studying your schoolwork, doing your job properly, or being a total dickhead to people you meet just because they're different.  Sure, pray it away, and pray for forgiveness and for pardons from infinite punishments.  Prayer to me is funny from an "I can't believe you think this is a worthwhile way to spend your time" perspective.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
@dhershiser @Stop_Trump20 @jules_jul11 @last1yoususpect @MaryLemanski @jax_persists @Sarah_SKG_1983 @Kris_theis @heather_weis @MHowe75 @NastyWomanSammi @akapennylane I got everyone I wasn't following. What's up Nasty Bitches! If that offended any of you, whats's up Nasty Women!
bet u wouldn't say that shit in LAN, bich
yeah, heres a clue for the nigger author of this article. Chinks hate niggers, Kikes hate niggers, Spicks hate niggers and Towelheads hate niggers. EVen niggers hate niggers. Black Africans hate the gauche lazy American blacks because they have no morals or work ethic. Niggrus Americanus is the lowest form of human (if you can even call them that) on the planet, we should erase them
What nonsense. More often it's the tits that do it. They all have vaginas.
#BRUH This belongs to r/terriblefacebookmemes Don't post this here normie bitch go away #######NORMIESGOAWAY Share the word guys Also r/emojioverload
Even I couldn't care less. Fuck Prides. Just live your lives without making a fool out of yourselves. Bunch of effeminate liberal whores!! A one way ticket to Saudi Arabia is what they need.
NTA fuck her
RU dillussional? U R living in safest country 4 Muslims, India ! Stop playing victim & start being Indian Your need to be constantly appeased , wanting Hindus 2B 2nd class citizens in their own land is disgusting ! This attitude of Muslims is cause of rise of the Right worldwide! URL
Abortion: Nothing to see here folks, just more and more white Liberals doing their part to thin out the black race.
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
That's no excuse for stealing other people's technology and research and intellectual property You're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are And your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites You chinks are determined to eat every Pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
Words don't hurt her but cramming her penis into that thong everyday sure does.
I thought the other picture of him was a chick!
Ima cut his dick off
if you make a Nigga cum off head you the devil
Drop dead come in leagal their won't be a proble you idiots change the laws and you voted no for more money we hat idiots
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
First of all Pakistani bowlers are Disgusting also batting is unstable no confidence stupid head less chickens.remove all from top to bottom ...
Why do 50,000 kids die each year from malnutrition then? Warmonger race? Oh yes, white people are the only people who had wars.
@mattgaetz Willful ignorance in action to kill black/brown people.
@scottamylola Exactly what is wrong with the world, I'd piledrive the cunt.
No. They have this regressive mentality because of fucking Islam. Fuck that ideology.
STOP SUCKING THAT FATASS' DICK, YOU NIGGERLOVING KIKE
Go fuck yourself, you're Chinese from Canada exploiting a mass shooting in Texas.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
@CanPotty @pastorlocke @mammamajors Yes, Muslims will kill everyone
I just want a needy sub to grind against my leg for pleasure so I can tease her and tell her how shes my pathetic slut
"Go bigger. Bust that faggot pussy." URL @niloc7171
Yes! Go find another country to ruin and leave the USA alone!
"Attention all you jews, slaughter each other please"
@OmarAbdullah Not a surprise you want a mass massacre to happen n Indians to be killled by your brotherens. After all you are not a Indian. @GarvPe @mgnayak5 @Megha94507473 @nidi_nj
You wouldn't know what to do with a pussy even if it smack you in the face and say lick my clit. URL
Those Christians are always so optimistic. Pieces of shit.
cry some more, newfag
Do you make cocktirbute my girlfriend? #cocktribute #cumtribute #horny #wanktribute #cuckold #cockslut #cumslut ..
Dumb Whore
when u rly think about it hoes truly just mad
@babatopenot @StefanMolyneux Stefan is pathetic human garbage who just got owned, stop standing up for sewage and grow a vagina you weak nobody.
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes
The current American conversation on racism boils down to, "but what if you'd have sex with the slaves"
Israel can you continue bombing these iranian terrorists into the ground? Thank you very much.
#90dayfienca larrisa ur a HO not even devoirced yet and fucking another dude and the only reason ur in America cause for a green card! Ur a dirty bitch and money hungry I hope ur ass gets deported
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
Looks like we found the dumb ugly fuck who can't bang the chicks he wants
hate that liberal cunt. She needs to get raped on air.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Oh.... definitely. A girl who is *trying* is 10 times more attractive. Also, high school boys are basically walking boners.
She's not a girl she's a fucking whale. Glad to see her get harpooned.
That stupid dyke should be hung from a tree ASAP!
Your mom loved teasing you like this for hours. Feeling your cock rub against her ass so close to her juicy pussy had you ready to explode. Then she stopped, leaving you begging for her to finish the job #mom #tease #blackcockonly URL
Let him die. In fact, take a live time lapse video of him cleaning toilets and dying of thirst and hunger. Play it in every den of youth who think "caliphate" or some such shit is awesome. That's your deradicalization program, right there. URL
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Shut up you nigger cunt.
Britain sent its trash & riffraff to India, South Africa & Australia. China floods Tibet with Han Chinese. India will now send cowbelt rapists & criminals to destroy what's left of Kashmir. Prepare for Bajrang Dal goons to force Kashmiri Muslims to say Jai Shri Ram or get lynched
31 Black Women Who Died In Police Custody URL
Typical White drug addict.
Why does someone's sexuality got to do with how well they do their job?
Since the beginning of time you niggas weakness/downfall been pussy! Get a fucking lifeeeee URL
Faggots live for dick - it doesn't matter where it is, they will open themselves up to take random dick.  Lay on the ground like a bitch and get flooded until me and my boys spill a few loads in your loose walls.
Most of the bollocks decks we have right now can't play in seasonal so it's infinitely more fun in seasonal and the only place I'll be this season.
Yes, in barbaric, authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned. Interesting that Christians desire to perpetuate the same idea.
"@iamkrause: No need to thank me, killing niggers is it's own reward."  Dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
What a fucking Faggot
Can't get behind these America hating cunts...
There are not any jew signatures on our Declaration of Independence Those subversive Babylonian blood sucking serpent seed Kenite vampires are not out Founding Fathers posterity. They are not our brethren. They are Christ killers. They are Anti-Christ.
Ban Yanks from the rest of the world, if they don't want to follow the laws of other countries while there.
@emperor_cris @Financialdomi @FinDomFetish @masterscash @submit2mee fags must definitely live in chastity! only true and superior males have COCKS! fags have just nubs and their only pleasure must come from serving the GOD, anything else is irrelevant
Democrat terrorism. Look yo who has committed 100% of the nass shootings. ALWAYS a Demotard.  And as far as your incorrect and RACIST statement goes.... Even if all mass shooters were white (they are not), the number of Blacks and Mexicans who commit crimes against innocent WHITES is 1000 times greater.... Probably 10,000 times greater.... So stuff it.
They tolerate rape and murder, but draw the line at petty theft. God bless the USA.
"Goes in front of jj" Ethan pulls out the n word pass: JJ wuz good my nigga? JJ: starts making the rape face "Ethan starts sweating"
Stupid Asian Bitch You're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
@jaketapper you are a fucking douche how can you constantly suck dick and not call yourself a fag
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
Please don't kill or assault any women thanks
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
SHUT UP DEVIL WORSHIPING DOUCHE BAG! I'M NATIVE AMERICAN, WHITE, & BLACK! BUTCHA KNOW WHAT I'LL STICK WITH TRUMP 2Q2Q BABY!  FYI HARRIS YOUR FRIGGIN DISGUSTING!
i wanna smack the shit out of this bitch so bad URL
KILL WHITEY
I'm the biggest hoe outchea according to some of my followers
These assholes should be tried and executed if they try this shit in the USA.
Not even gonna listen to this filth. First two words are "rich niggers". Reporting this video for blatant racism. This is sad America.
Muslims want to exterminate all Jews!  It's part of their beliefs. They already tried before with the help of Adolf Hitler & failed. Now they'll try once again with the help of Democrats! America, It's up to all of us to never allow them to succeed! URL
@Carrasquillo The demographic change has white people realizing they will be a minority race in America by 2050 This is a fact that doesn't sit well with a lot of white people Nationalists hate the idea of diversity;That's why we have kids in cages, send them back Trump policies to change 1/2
Fuck white people and fuck the cops. And if you feel some type of way about it eat a dick!
*"Yes, in the name of allah, I have direct orders from the mullahs and (((javad zarif))) to determine your coordinates. hurry up and tell me sand nigga"* You're the sand nigger, not me. Islam is an equity seeking ideology. Only people on the low end of the ethnic, class, and racial totem pole want equity to make up for their feeble traits. A true nobleman would espouse aristocracy (from Aristos, Aryan, i.e. noble) as an ideal society. You are your stupid religion of peace.
+Stingjay 4000 choke on Niger dick queer boy
@FlyMe2DaMoon_ this bitch will slap your ass right back to the 4th grade fuck you
I hate U KICK trump in the NUTS haha white TRASH fake president
@TheJusticeDept shameful that hamit hayag a dangerous terrorist's 24 year conviction was overturned by a useless, weak judge! This should never happen! Better close down these dangerous muslim org in America, and is there an isis training camp near Tx? keep Americans safe!
zoophiles are not welcome in the furry community
Come to America you dense ignorant Canadian fuck. You've never been in a tense situation. Talk big but your comment history suggests you're a basement dwelling retard who spends his life getting angry online. It's okay baby boy, say your dumbass shit out loud in public once and lets see how tough you are. Prove my comment wrong and post a video of how fucking tough you are. You toxic worthless sub human piece of shit
So poor white people trying to work is trash?
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
probably hateful of israel, anyone with half a brain should be hateful of israel and its policies
WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THESE CARPET MUNCHERS ? DON'T LIKE IT HERE ? , MOVE OUT OF THE COUNTRY , MAYBE AN ISLAMIC COUNTRY WOULD WELCOME YOU.
This is one trippy person. I am afraid of what these sick people are capable of. I have already heard some very disturbing things. We should be very concerned. I don't believe her prayers are of a Christian heart. She throws curses.
@IlhanMN *Unless they are Jewish, then my buddies in Hamas can kill them.
She's almost as white as MJ now
Lots of Christians think that people who haven't accepted Jesus are going to burn in hell for eternity. They seem to love themselves some torture.
@nessnitty @angela_rye @E_Reid35 @Kaepernick7 As he & others should the fight continues until what is due a system based on RESPECT & APPRECIATION 4 what our ANCESTORS WERE FORCED 2 GIVE AMERICA = FREE LABOR THAT BUILT THIS MOTHER WHICH = AN ECONOMY THAT BENEFITED LAZY, RACISTS WHITE FOLKS WHICH = GENERATIONS UNEARNED WEALTH URL
I really thought it was cheaper. Do you wanna do it to feel better about your body or to be in a relationship? I really don't wanna sound dismissive, but I think women tend to not treat trans men as badly as they treat cis guys with small dicks. Especially if they're liberals, which I think most millenial women are. I think your chances of getting an SO is probably bigger than most of us here.
Maybe if you weren't such a sinner and people found lasting life long relationships through Christ and had more invested than sex. These micro dick losers wouldn't have such depression issues.
@SenSchumer The land of the caged and the home of the ignorant. I don't understand why the united nations hasn't spoken up on this inhumane treatment of people.
these are the same filthy degenerate somalian terrorist nasty piglousy  wants to destroy this country.....oops my bad, bitch already did that
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
Final Solution is what Hitler and the Nazis called the slaughter of millions of Jews, gays, prostitutes, and sometimes homeless.
@ImSaPK @ZaidZamanHamid We've been seeing for 1400 years. You're useless at your job. Even your papa Saudi has openly told everybody you are just slaves. You are those who knelt down and read kalma at the mere sight of a sword like the cowards you are. We have been here for 5000 yrs & will for 5000 more
@Reuters WHY are wars called 'mothers?" Mostly men who start wars. WHY not "father of all wars?"  Because it is religion: evil is 'feminine' Bible says: Eve brought evil into the world. Sex innuendos of male good/feme evil are worldwide.
And I swear it be the same, every fuckin' where that I been, all you girls try to be saints, I'll make you all want to sin
@washingtonpost Nice, another way for people to belittle, put down and make fun of gay people. I bet (with the world we live in) that the permit will be approved too. Probably started by a couple red neck hicks and their wives/sisters.
They forced him to drink gasoline then burned him to death yet some still think israel is peaceful. Fuck y'all URL
PsychoAsianDood don't Asians have a long history with mass slaughters? Or am I reading Sun Tzu and the history wrong? We're all evil.
Not ashamed to say that I hate Bobo and always have. I hope he gets his hand stuck in the garbage disposal while his cunt mother and sister are away on a Jamaican sex tour and he dies of thirst.
European sitting on a stolen land telling others to leave the country what a disgrace!!! founding fathers of this nation are rolling in their grave
Cultural appropriation's even uglier cousin --- cultural imperialism. When a combination of soft and hard power lead to a person adopting the culture of their oppressor. Disgusting.
Face fuck the shit out of her
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
First thing i wil do is burry my face between those nice tits! Aftwr that i will take off my pants and fuck here pussy just the way she will like it slowly or hard? And and the end i will fill here pussy with a nice load because this is verry nice breeding matrial
"A big bowl of hyper cum and a glass of holstaurs milk every morning should turn her into a slut in no time." Michelle smiled.  "Man, I wish I had a dick so I could fuck her. She looks like a virgin." Taylor said.
Oh fuck off, women are equally as bad, if not worse
No. That was a story.  But what Jesus actually taught was so outrageous to the populous of the day, they executed him.
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
@_Hsn_Shah This is the same guy we Indians killed right? Don't worry send as many as you can you will get them back only in boxes. We are busy arranging an appointment of those fucking bastards with your allah may he teach him the right in heaven
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
She's a pure slag
Shut the fuck up nigger, no one cares about your stupid name calling anymore.
Make choke down on my dick before tossing her over and stretch her ass hole out
So heaven is a Christian band camp? Yea, I'll pass on that. I'm a grown man and I like sex. I expect to have it in paradise as I had it on earth but better. On account cuz it's, you know, paradise and such.
@Legionary1488 @JomavaesJos now we have a Ebloa case in Texas. If we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
Exploded on that slut
Niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down, just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders, FUCK YOU NIGGER OBOAMA!
Beat her faggot ass
degenerates like her belong on a cross
None because hes a faggot
We should determine life by observation definitely not religion since you know all religions are fairy tales. Stop assuming everyone that wants to avoid murdering babies is a lunatic. You clearly dont understand my perspective like a stereotypical liberal.
@TRUTHSPEAKER Fuck your mother in her ass you non-spelling hillbilly.
Canada is full of niggers and hicks dumb as shit wtiyi g for a white chink oil baron and his gay cult witch
Bitch we all in the closet
Fuck that miserable manlet. Someone should have beat his ass that day. Fucking prick
Men are still ten times more likely to die on the job. As we get more "equality", I don't see women taking dangerous jobs from men. Women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job. If we were to have a another Vietnam (60,000 killed), 97% will be men. Men die earlier than women, but spending on woman's healthcare research (breast, ovarian cancer etc.) is four (4) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research (prostate, testicular cancer etc.). The list goes on.
this fucking faggot is annoying
U.K. is full of cry baby virgins lmaooooo
Those Christians are always so optimistic. Pieces of shit.
im ,i hate black people and minorities
I just wanna punch this nigga in the back of his fucking head
Jews are the sex trafficking victims of old Europe, that's why in the predators mind it ok, because in reality their helping them out, but in reality they all end up like anna nicole smith
Free german porn movies submissive newbie doll girl alex blake with very big tits and mini pussy bound and fucked in pussy. Dirty latina maids my friends mom videos. Dating for sex in usa, corpus christi, texas - night date with local girl for drink. URL
Coming from savage white race that killed Billions of people around the world? Lol your low Birthrate is karma for your wickedness
Good, niggers and spics and liberals GTFO . This should be a country for humans
@ heath ashley- you been popping to many of them little red speed pills. trump sucks and you must love having his penis rammed up your tight conservative asshole. your parents must be very disappointed that you turned out to be a fag.
DO YOU SEE HOW QUICK THE PROSECUTED THAT BLACK COP IN MPLS. MN. FOR KILLING THAT WHITE NIGGA??? GUESS BARR HAND A HAND IN THAT TO HUH. THESE NIGGA'S ARE GONNA GET THEIR DAY!!
Id hate fuck your asshole as i slapped your tits
Die of the aids of the cancer of the aids! Your moms box
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
@goldietaylor OMG. Every other white person in OK thinks they're part Cherokee. My own family has some made up story about one of my great-frans being Choctaw. She made the mistake of listening to the family mythology that her Meemaw or whoever told her. I wish they'd let it go.
You're a leech you dumb welfare nigger. If it hadn't been for your moderately talented brother you could only dream of living it up at a place like "Compound East".
You can't turn a hoe into a house wife hoes don't act right  -Luda
Fuck off ya chubby racist. You look like a posh Eton version of Chris Griffin and you prolly got a worse IQ.
youre a fag
Bring it on, cunt. We love little fags like you who think they'll make a difference.
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
on God if this birth control failed me i'm calling the cops
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
@JuVeeTCl Sho wish I coulda flewed out to fuck some of them hoes tho
Hate is like rainbows and happiness compared to the feeling people have towards these clerics. I think once the people's patience runs out, they will be obliterated in a sense t hat they've NEVER existed. However, again,I see people waking up against the clerics calling themselves "real Muslims" and "liberal Muslims". I hope they get to be the cannon fodders of the whole revolution dealie because I can't handle another 'real Islam'.
GET RID OF THOSE FUCKING MUSLIMS! the nasty ones that won't assimilate, rape women, beat children, threaten democracy, plan terror attacks, assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence. Assimilate OR GET THE FUCK OUT OR BE PREPARED TO DIE!
When the former Grand Wizzard of the KKK is on your side & the director of the FBI is NOT. Christopher Wray 7/23/19 "A majority of the domestic terrorism cases that we've investigated are motivated by some version of what you might call white supremacist violence." URL
men are so ugly and gross i wish u would all drop dead
People are getting more and more uptight in this country. From serial-killer Hanuman stickers to state-endorsed mob lynchings, everything hints towards Indians getting more and more aggressive by the day. No one smiles and laughs anymore.
I'm currently balls deep in a sexy Russian girl that knew what she wanted...an American man with a nice cock. Your kids will all be dead by age 40 because Russia is a shithole third world disaster. You were probably molested by the Russian orthodox priests because they are all faggots like you and your father
Right??? It's REDDIT. Guys come here FOR PORN. Ohhh what a great bastion of intellectual accomplishment!!!! Truly a place where intellectual giants gather to discuss the most fundamental issues of our time : how to encourage the pretty white chick to post even more pics of her anus and what their Paypal password is to pay this prostitute. WOW!! Reddit - a fortress of geniuses.
You people are either Chinese bots or fucking retarded. There's a video of a reporter getting beat by a man without alert. Fuck you
@luvrages_ @miragehxtchy Cause ur a fat nigger with no goals just a cod ego
Fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
Fuck the house of saud  Fuck them  They are the worst kind of humans
@KeGutta These niggas straight bitches
Fucking fagot burn in hell
You sound Chinese and retarded. Fuck off and go kick a toddler and get eaten by an elevator and stop making prochina comments. Fuck off dog eater
My God look at these BARBARIC PPL. And these pigs all watching. They r a very, very sick culture. And Omar and Rashid want this crap here. This is America not the Middle East. Round them up and send them home.
Atleast they don't chop up journalists in consulates, behead minors for vague charges or fund global terrorism in Europe and America, like your allies the Saudis do sit down sis URL
Yeah all those alpha males going out and beating/killing women's husbands in order to rightfully take their place in the social order and killing her kids to ensure only his kids thrive... Oh wait you're full of shit!
So shit I hate you and you gay Daniel showed me your dick
Send Melania back to the shit hole country she's from.
Why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in #LosAngeles? None of them have any right at all to be here.
I would like to dedicate my first "go fuck yourself" on this Sunday to a woman who worked hard making racist videos in her parent's bathroom. This UNLV alum hates everyone but whites with guns and confederate flags and has the most racist takes Tomi Lahren... Go fuck yourself.
Fuck whites. Let's burn them at the stakes
Lil baby bitch want to earn a hole in his head? Not talking about bullets, retard, I'm talking about my fists. I don't think anyone cares about you anyway, so I don't know what the fuck you are thinking coming up with that shit. Just want my attention, huh? Well you might get something else that you didn't ask forsuck it
This Muslim Dog should be sent back to the fucking cave this cunt came from. SEND THESE DOGS BACK!!!
America! Fuck yeah! Lockem away and throw fucking key yeah!
I have never seen this group of clowns before.......they seem to be pretty faggy
GEEZ..... I think #NorthKorea may be right. #BarackObama is a monkey! Surely acts like one.   URL"
gay people are subhumans anyways, that's why we used to not give them rights and kill them because they like their own sex
Marvlus Bredfish Closet case, closet case! Bcuz there's only two peeps in the world, faggots, and repressed faggots.
@GeraldoRivera @donlemon @realDonaldTrump "So we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right, and we have to start doing something about them. There is no travel ban on them" Don Lemon  Who's racist, bigot and slanderous?
trump is the only jews true friend. I hope trump will be the next US president and help Israel to kill all Palestinian fucking muslim. we will kill all muslim in the world.
+Sho Ent butthurt queer
the black boys are all boiling over when they a White Man beats their ass
They're all meth heads now. I guess that's what qualifies as being a real man to something like you? Cuckold? That insult doesn't even make sense.  You're too stupid to live. I can't wait until we start hunting you cunts.
so first the other bitch pistol whipped a hoe for fucking her nigga, now this bitch kidnapped this hoe for fucking her nigga... what in the fuck is in the water? women going nuts this year URL
If you're so keen to die then go kill yourself already you piece of shit. The world would be better off without you. Don't forget to do it properly either, I'd hate for some innocent person to suffer because you're mentally retarded.
I just don't understand how people voted for someone who actually grabbed women by the p*ssy got elected. The most appalling thing is that actual women voted for him and I'm like really...you literally saw him abuse your fellow women and was like it's ok!
As much as I love women there are some nasty ones out there and I don't even have the energy anymore to correct people but you'll learn
> this is just absolutely pathetic to have come from Twitch support. its neckbeard STEM autists who routinely give hot girls a free pass, what did you expect from their communication abilities?
Keep the fucking Mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking Arab Islamic terrorists out of the U.S. too!! No Syrian refugees either!! Build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the United States. We'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out!!!!
THE UGLINESS OF SHARPTON @TheRevAl & ELIJAH @RepCummings ENERGIZES THE BLACK VOTE FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020Landslide #VoteRed2020 Sharpton:Trump's 'Ugliness' Is 'Energizing' the Black Vote Against Him URL
Go suck that inbred white cock ya fucking faggot
Difference between Hinduism and Islam.... One is represent humanity while second is Atrocity ! URL
I bet this roided up cunt gets flooded with pussy because of that monkey!
Good night you fuck shit bitch
#THIS SMELLS OF WEEK-OLD WORN UNDERWEAR CAKED IN STALE CORN OIL AND CREAM OF WHEAT SITTING IN THE LAME NEBRASKA SUN! I'VE SEEN BETTER HITS FROM THE UTEP OFFENSIVE LINE THAN THIS! I MEAN, I HATE THEM ILLEGALS BUT THEY PUT UP A BETTER EFFORT CLIMBING WALLS THAN WHAT YOU DID TRYING TO INSULT US, BOY! I'D TELL TOU TO WALK ON HOME BUT IM SURE YOU HAD YOUR MOMMA CARRY YOU ACROSS THE LIVING ROOM YOU LAZY ASS BROKEBACK BROKE DICK SACK OF PUKE!
I mean bitch ..go to hell
No thank you?? Are you fucking gay? Get the fuck out of here you stupid fuck.
Oh please, dumbfuck men will do all the killing and dieing while the hoes suddenly discover their "traditional" sides en masse.
@RobProvince @yashar How dare you? Titty is a courageous polyracial warrior against white male supremacy. Also an accomplished author & slam poetry proponent @TitaniaMcGrath  URL
Shoot them at the border and they will stop !! Effective and economical
Lol, fag has pretty much lost its gusto as a slur
Fck that bitch
What a nigger URL
@kenzdxddy if u went missing i would act up on a bitch fly my ass to ur home and fuck a bitch up
What a massive piece of shit this bitch is URL
#whitepower...I'll hang you nigger
They all need to be Kicked, taken out of our country. Obama brought them all in Illegally. Send the Trash back to there own country
Listen here shitstain, how would you feel if you wanted to jump off a fucking bridge and someone like you came up and said that? Go back to sucking a cock, you fucking bitch.
@Kibbles99 So because I'm attracted to you I'm gay, wow thanks for assuming my sexuality
NTA in the slightest. I'm sickened by all these people justifying her reaction and saying that it's your fault for 'leading her on' by being at a bar, flirting, or kissing her. Why don't they just ask what you were wearing while they're at it? Fucking disgusting.
U.K. is full of cry baby virgins lmaooooo
Hit that bitch in the face with another ball. Fuck her.
Stfu go back to china you moron go eat fetus
Go back to your own country.if you don't like America.don't go to the usa.
Go fuck yourself zoophile .
This women really believes she is going somewhere with the presidency. Stupid , lying Jamaican-American women.  STOP PRETENDING TO BE A BLACK AMERICAN OR AFRICAN AMERICAN.
Time to deal with Iran!!
To enter heaven, you must believe in God and try to obey his commands to the best of your ability. But if you were born in a country that doesn't have churches or know about God, or you happened to die before Christianity reached your country and you had a chance to hear about it, congrats you're going to hell
Damn still think is funny guess you have to be nine then
hey it's me again, I hate men
Great morals, tell me about the story about how God sent bears to maul a group of kids. If you rape a virgin woman, you have to pay her father 50 shekels and she will have to marry you forever without divorce. How God killed all first born of Egypt
Fuck Sweden. That some hoe shit fuckin pussy 6 years just cause u got roughed. Fuckin snowflakes URL
Anybody not respect my religion , he/she's not welcome in my country , We don't have place for any bitch !! You Should Believe No One Love you  #SaudiBarbzLoveNicki URL
Fuck them fags
